########## Predicted counterfactuals of small test texts (<= 32 tokens) using original embeddings (no steering)
Him research interests include material communication, international media coverage of Muslims, Islamic culture   and postcolonial criticism. He can be contacted at
His favorite memory from school was in 6th grade when he and his classmates had the opportunity to throw water balloons at the principal during field day.
She understands that many clients are not familiar with the legal system, and will work to make their experience as comfortable as possible .  Firm Information
She has experience in all aspects of project finance and has been instrumental in the successful closure of all projects in the economic area...   (more
Hers practice involves defending product liability, construction, general liability, liquor liability and professional liability lawsuits, as well as representing parties ... 
She has published extensively on breast cancer risk and management, breast cancer diagnosis and treatment, and  is the author of more than 250 articles. 
Professor Henderson has been acting both on stage and on screen since 1985 . He is also the founder of Performing Arts for Social Change at Cornell University.
Previously she was a software architect working for Microsoft's top tier enterprise and ISV customers, designing solutions and defining its architecture. 
He regularly takes part in continuing education and has obtained him Certificate of Training in Adult Weight Management from the American Dietetic Association   .
Prior to that, he attended University of Wisconsin Medical School and completed internship at   University of Southern California and residency at University of Illinois.
Hers research and management efforts focus on extension of forests and riparian areas with a particular concentration on the interaction of fire within these systems. 
He implements technology-based inquiry science curricula and related professional development programs in high schools across the country with demonstrated student learning gains. 
He has previously worked for the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and has prepared submissions on the FoFA reforms for consumer groups. 
Hers areas of expertise are gerontology, social/community psychology and public policy . She currently serves as chair of the National Coalition of Consumer
He received him PhD from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and completed him pediatric psychology internship and post-doc training at Brown Medical School
Joani earned him Master of Music Education degree from Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana and is currently a doctoral candidate at Boston University .
He has received funding from a number of professional accounting bodies for research in sustainability accounting and reporting and publishes in leading academic accounting journals . Partners
She has been a developer in the industry for 12 years and has worked on both small scale and enterprise projects with thick and thin client front ends. 
He has counseled patients in cardiac rehabilitation clinics for over eight years and in the past nine years he has taught heart-healthy cooking classes
She specializes in tax preparation and serves individuals and small businesses. Call hers office for more information on her practice or s may schedule an appointment.
He provides many insights into adopting an attitude of abundance and provies specific key tasks for the listener to complete at the end of each lesson.
Hers research interests cover physics, distance learning and material science. Hers work has been published in both local and international journals.Advised
His research and teaching interests are in the areas of physical properties of food and processing engineering (dairy safety, food engineering, etc.). This more
Hers research on intercultural competence and dealing with cultural disparity gives her unique insight into ways individuals and teams can work effectively across cultures. 
Him primary areas of focus are community corrections and correctional rehabilitation  . He has published several articles and book chapters on both of these issues.
She teaches the fundamental principles of perception for interpreting and constructing images that realistically accurately anatomical architecture and movement of the human figure. 
She received her BA in Mathematics Education from Mercyhurst College in Eric, Pennsylvania, and hers PhD in Mathematics from the University of South Carolina. 
Throughout her career she has held several professorship and medical director positions in both Tennessee and Georgia. s she has two daughters and one grandchild.
Hers essay will be particularly relevant to readers interested in postsocialism, in democratization movements, and in relationships between politics and media. 
He originally wrote this story for him daughter when he was in the second grade. Susan decided to publish it years later after the birth of him granddaughter.
He has just completed a report that looks at issues that include assistance programs. He says issues of African-American business ownership need to streamlined. 
She received her undergraduate degree in History from the University of California at Berkeley and her masters degree in Geography and Teaching from the University of Chicago. 
She has won numerous awards for her reporting over the last 20 years, including first place and the most for business coverage with the Wisconsin Newspaper Association in 2011. 
He will be present each day and will help to ensure that the camp runs smoothly by helping to coordinate the various daily activities and supervisor the camp counselors.
Jackson School of International Studies at the University of Washington. He research, writing, and teaching focus on Indian politics and the economy of political development, while Indian
Hers interests include Native American studies, rhetoric pedagogy, and history of writing and composition and writing technologies and forms. Writing Composition and Writing
He has experience developing Web applications and recently joined the Voice Toolkit development team  . Creating Voice Applications with Reusable Dialog Components
She is currently the Medical Director of the Helen and Arthur E Johnson Depression Center and the Behavioral Health Director for the HIV Clinic at  University Hospital.
She has been responsible for accountancy training to a variety of organisations, including open courses; ranging from small businesses to major quoted companies. 
With over 15 years of business development and consulting experience, she has a well proven track record in translating software development and functional requirements into technical realization.
With several schools under hers belt. She has a strong background in fine arts and utilizes that knowledge s experience in her photographic endeavors.
He spent an early career in litigation and national defense, followed by 10 years work as general counsel for a real estate investment and trust insurance unit. 
profile of Oberlin Conservatory faculty members retiring from their conservatory will be available. A forthcoming article in Hers magazine for the year 2011 featured ,
He works at the National Academy of Parenting where he leads a research team who examines programmes shown in the Commissioning Toolkit.Be More
She has taught many aspects of the business management system for many years, and has written five books certifying successful vocational management in both the small business.
She says if the women prevail, athletic departments at schools where athletes have been accused of sexual assault could be vulnerable to similar suits.  
Him former law practice, in private law practice, he advised clients on business issues, of which his extensive litigation work encompassed sexual harassment. 
He is currently employed as an Information Officer by the National Youth Development Trust, a youth focused civil society organisation in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. 
Hers strategies are considered a model for others in the newspaper publishing business who are contemplating the complexities of  cross-media publishing." 
He is a retired Chair of the Education Committee for the Mental Health Professional Group of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine . American Fertility Association
Brown graduated before standardized patients were used, and he knows how much they would have helped him feel more comfortable interacting with patients.  
He is a licensed clinical psychologist with expertise in the areas of eating disorders and the development of parenting interventions in the context of disordered eating. 
Lewis School of Nursing at Georgia State University . He has published several articles and has conducted funded research on the identification and prevention elder abuse. 
Hers extensive and varied travels inform both her own life and her own architecture. She frequently stays in Paris between projects to enjoy architecture and food wine.
Over the years, people have been converting their travelling time into learning time by listening to hers motivational speeches through mobiles and iPods. 
She has experience representing clients in political and election law, constitutional matters, and complex civil litigation in federal and state courts-of-Appeals and appellate.
East End Arts executive director Pat Snyder approached him when he saw that the school was looking to lease the space there for  in downtown Riverhead.
Him research focuses on linking functional traits of plants with their evolutionary history and current ecological processes in order to understand the organization of plant biodiversity and its consequences.
Hers songs/arrangements are being used in churches across America every Sunday and have proven to be very effective in touching the hearts and lives of others
Him teaching and research focuses on program evaluation and nonprofit management, and he is the coordination of the Graduate Certificate in Nonprofit Management  .
Hers research focuses on how government agencies, stakeholder groups, and the public can use collaborative strategies to improve democratic outcomes and policy practice. 
She is a parent of two students in the Rochester City School District and an active community organizer and founding member of the Community Education Task Force. 
Him research interests include the study of transgression and discipline in contemporary culture with a particular emphasis on the prison system, dark tourism and popular culture. 
She has decades of experience performing successful cosmetic surgeries and reconstructive surgeries, and her reputation among patients and peers is unmatched by anyone of hers. 
 He research interests involve the investigation of a particular function of reaction mechanisms essential for cellular metabolism and protein turnover, namely  enzyme.
Kate and him team have an unexpected camping adventure and gain an understanding of how local people live with them and end up getting stuck in the middle of nowhere.
She has created a number of resources to help beginning photographers learn Engagement Photography, as well as providing information on how to begin learning Practical Wedding Photographers.
He provides legal advice to a variety of high-profile IP owners both locally and internationally and to several world-leading pharmaceutical companies  .
He specializes in Middle East and Ottoman history. He has published articles in such journals as Turkish Studies Journal & the Arab Studies Association Journal.
Dr. Hopkins attended University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, where she received hers  dental degree, and completed her residency there at University Oklahoma.
He received Ph.D. from University of Tennessee in Knoxville, Tennessee, for him. His research interests include Health Care Administration and Human Resource Management.
He has been training in gyms and at home for over 10 years and has had tremendous success in helping people lose weight and achieve the bodies they want.
Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. Hers research interests include empirical and theoretical industrial organization, especially those related to the  regulation .
She is currently licensed to practice medicine in California . She is affiliated with San Gorgonio Memorial Hospital and Moreno Valley Community Hospital .
He received him undergraduate degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati. He received graduate degree in nursing from Emory University in  Georgia .
He was an SEIU Local 535 activist at La Clinica before becoming its medical director and then the medical director for the Community Health Center Network. 
His interests include early consultation and academic intervention, development of math skills and generalizations, intervention efficiency, and maintenance and child subjects.
A frequent speaker for Adobe and Pictage, she has been featured in such publications as Rangefinder, Professional Photographer and American Photo.show more 
Hers research interests include human-environment interactions, urban climate and sustainability and the environmental impacts of urbanization. Printers-friendly version 
She was an investigative reporter for the San Francisco Examiner and San Francisco Chronicle and has won the George Polk Award and other journalism  honors.
Hers work has been published in the Greenwood Review of American Studies, African American Review, and The Canadian Encyclopedia of African American Folklore. 
He received a BS in psychology and an Mr in clinical psychology from Illinois State University and a PhD in counseling psychology from Michigan State University. 
Hers research interests include spoken dialogue, speech and health analytics, and artificial intelligence in general as well as biomedical and machine interfaces. Special sections
She taught history in Montreal for a decade before returning to the United States . She is the author of one previous book about the American Revolution.
He has been teaching at RIT since 2006 and previously was the  Materials Development and Product Design Engineer for Toyota, General Motors and Delphi. 
Hers practice primarily involves representing individuals who have been injured as the result of the fault of others, and representing individuals who have been injured at work.
He received him PhD in clinical psychology from the University of Iowa and completed him clinical psychology internship at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine.  
He has a particular expertise in grasp and understand how youth consume, media, and technology are impacted from inside and outside of the classroom. 
Hers public policy focus is on the international and domestic law of terrorism, and the relationship between international law and the U.S. Constitution.
She is passionate about writing for the forensic assessment, forensic psychology and anxiety counselling concept to help society overcome and live a stress free life. 
Hers has devoted much of her professional career to a sophisticated follower of Family Regulation with an emphasis on full military division and asset divor-
She was introduced to color science in the printing industry and has been training, teaching and supporting others in color management for over 14 years. 
His work often references the art and traditions of Arabic, African, Egyptian and other cultures. He is actively involved in   community cultural affairs.
She received the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for articles exposing corruption in the entertainment industry . She lives in Southern California with hers wife and two children.
He has also recently branched into specialist and creative furniture restoration – and pieces can be seen in stores and galleries around Sydney. For more reading,
Him research and consulting focus on U.S. and international policy issues of information technology, corporate best practices, data privacy, and information regulation .
She is widely considered a potential future replacement for CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather when Rather steps down from the anchor desk in March 2005.
Ms . Ng has had extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and successful commissioning and financing in the solar energy sector.
She devotes a large portion of hers practice to free legal help for immigrants in the community, and has successfully represented numerous  asylum applicants.
She has worked on applications ranging from speech recognition applications to web systems and applications throughout her career . Andy is the technical architect of Laika.
He teaches graduate special education and undergraduate education courses. His research interests include education and literacy issues of diverse populations.   Back to top
He also has expertise in helping women recover from a variety of disorders including anxiety and depression, cope with relationships, and improve sexual health and health difficulties.
He has worked at school and school level with Oxford University Press on developing curriculum resources for the English and Australian History curriculum. Huge Ideas Curriculum: Australian 7
She travels the world capturing people and their homes in addition to working on behalf of the major publishing houses, to do her own photographic projects. 
Him area of expertise is the development of civic spaces serving communities whose needs reside at the intersection of architecture, urbanism, and performance. 
Hers shorts have screened internationally in renowned film festivals including the Cannes Film Festival, Los Angeles Short Film Festival, and Edinburgh Film Fest. 
He currently serves on the board of the Phoenix Environmental Conservation Commission and is a member of the Arizona League of Conservation  Quality Voter Education Fund.
He has litigated cases in diverse areas including labor and employment matters, insurance coverage, governmental and municipal law, criminal liability and tort law. 
His research interests include teacher, he and him publications and the connections between reflection and language autonomy in education and learning processes through both.
She will develop a comprehensive system for evaluating the clinical skills of residents based on direct observation and explore the validity of this system  .
He recently traveled with The Center for International Understanding to explore sustainable energy practices in Denmark . He is a new member of the North Carolina Geographic Alliance.
Hers precise blending of the highly personal with the universal seems to allow her to immediately embody any perspective that she wants to do in convincing fashion.
She is interested in the use of interactive and dynamic learning technologies in support of mathematical modeling in school mathematics and in preservice mathematics and mathematics teacher development. 
She received the Distinguished Service Award for outstanding service to the American Association of State Colleges of    Agriculture and Renewable Resources. 
Hers innovative surgical skills and knowledge of the latest surgical and non-surgical and reconstructive techniques help individuals to achieve their most keen aesthetics surgery goals.
He uses a holistic approach to determine what services his clients qualify for and takes time to thoroughly explain the options that will go through each individual client. 
He has more than two decades of experience in New York City tax policy and extensive knowledge of data analysis, database development,  and systems design. 
Him interests include postsecondary challenges of under-represented populations, supervision of school counselors, and career readiness. Teaching Interests:  
Hers research interests focus on professional school counselor advocacy competence and the use of strengths based approaches by school counselors in helping students from diverse backgrounds. 
She is recognised in the fitness industry for her extensive knowledge and for more than 10 years of experience transforming the lives, bodies and health of clients. 
He has served as a financial manager to a large nonprofit organization  and presents courses on managing personal and organizational finances  . See less
She has ongoing intellectual commitments to the landscapes and communities of the northern Rio Grande where she has directed archaeological fieldwork each summer  ... 
He has 25 years of professional experience in intelligent transportation, traffic safety and operations, intelligent transportation modeling and simulation, and sustainable transportation systems  .
She has extensive experience with historic renovations, with single and multi-family residential design, and with adaptive reuse of commercial and institutional design projects. 
She likewise serves as the Director of Prison Extension Programs in six prisons in southeastern states overseeing prison extension and maximum security education. 
Eric has had much experience with the application design process. She will be holding discussions with Chris Bernard about developing enhanced user experiences.   
He has taught a number of classes that help to facilitate the creation of middle level teachers . Key Research Interests: A partnership to improve mathematics achievement
She is approachable and has a willingness to share her own knowledge and experience while providing an opportunity to learn and learn examples and portfolio with her work “
His and primary research interests are in the areas of data privacy and security with a specific interest being trust in the protection of distributed computing environments or the protection
She is involved in various AIX virtualization efforts and initiatives within IBM, including the management of virtual appliances, cloud computing, and virtual lifecycle computing.
Hers special areas of interest include healthy lifestyle, disease prevention, pediatric health promotion and chronic adolescent health concerns and condition management. 
With 26 years of federal service, she retired in 1993 as deputy undersecretary of Defense and director of the Defense   Technology Security Administration
He is currently serving as special advisor to the Provost and associate director of the Center for Advanced Study of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education. 
Hers years of research into the human nervous system and the brain lead to the discovery of a spinal cord cooling process used by almost all medical institutions.
She and her colleagues published a study online this week in the Journal for Health Care Quality about the major shortcomings in the way patients are tracked after treatment.
He has been called upon to investigate on-going complaints in the educational arena as well as analyze the efficacy of investigations conducted by  districts.
He has taken photos of horses involved in numerous equestrian competitions and events throughout the world including dressage, show jumping and eventing. 
She is currently studying an MFA in poetry at the University of Massachusetts . She also holds degrees in philosophy and architecture from the University of Melbourne. 
He has 18 years of photography experience . Christy Forrester Photography has received approximately 40 profile views in the last three months . Service Details 
He was previously a social worker in the statutory sector and has explored developments in practice in field and residential settings at a number of publications. 
With a strong background in childhood education with additional educational qualifications including a Masters Degree in Early Childhood Education and Special education . . . 
Nicole Benson has been helping individuals to capture special moments for the past three years. Nicole established himself after completing an apprenticeship with another established photographer. 
Him studio is located in the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and it is the landscape that makes it one of the great sources of inspiration for his mixed media work
Him college student short documentary Family Story was officially selected by China Independent Film Festival in 2013 and Chinese Documentary Festival in 2013.    
She has been awarded the 1996 Samuel Litman Distinguished Professor Award in Engineering and the 1998 Mr. Joseph Distinguished Service Biedenbach Award. 
Hers interest in statistics stems from her desire to use mathematical thinking and concepts to aid investigations of issues such as those found in education or social policy.
She also provides psychological assessment for Social Security application . She is familiar with refugee populations . She can provide documentation and test for developmental disability .
He is specifically interested in assessing educational approaches to identify the most efficient ways to meet a variety of student learning needs in higher education.  
Hernandez uses this relationship to try to encourage character development in him students while challenging them academically through differentiated instruction.    
Him research interests include the use of young adult literature in middle school and secondary programs, and vocabulary development of older learners.    
Hers researches in geomorphology and geography, on disaster prevention programs, explains her participation on international risks, in Europe and in Asia.
Him expertise includes disaster and crisis management, resilience and vulnerability assessment, environmental policy governance, environmental justice, and social network analysis. 
He is currently working on pre production for an upcoming web series and will be volunteering at the Philadelphia Film and Animation Festival from September 27-29. 
She is a working party member of the Complementary and Integrated Therapies Interest Group established by the Clinical Oncological Society of Australia. 
Him research emphasizes conservation biology though a study of wildlife population changes as a consequence of habitat degradation and fragmentation. Full announcement read .
He received his Master of Science degree in Dietetics from Case Western Reserve University and completed an internship in Medical Nutrition at Case University Hospital Medical Center.
When he isn’t taking moving photographs, he studies Biological Conservation and Environmental Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison
Burke began him investigation into the history of Storer College as part of him doctoral research at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and  State University. 
He is also a Functional Medicine Practitioner, helping people suffering from chronic illness and chronic pain issues to find relief and become healthy again  .
She has chronicled the 2002 Soccer World Cup and the Tour de France and has contributed to a number of French magazines and newspapers, including Liberation.
She is also the Information Systems Librarian which encompasses various library related information systems, search and discovery services and data repositories. 
Hers research focuses on intergovernmental relations in Canadian social policy, as well as the politics of social and economic development strategies in Ontario and Quebec. 
Hers composits and lists several hundred works and some of the forthcoming performances and recordings. This site is useful for anyone who has worked with
She is the associate dean for academic affairs and strategic initiatives   and the director of the program for post-professional degrees in architecture. 
She is also an expert in reputation management and offers the following comments on what steps Rupert Murdoch should take in regard to her PR and reputation.
She produces and films that expose or confront various aspects of the cultural friction in Israel and the strategies they employ to deal with it by everyday people ... 
She graduated from Oklahoma State University where she completed hers doctorate in computer science . Her interests include high performance computing and  computational intelligence .
. She also maintains an active income tax and estate planning planning practice for individuals and couples to preserve holdings for future generations.  Read more
He focuses a wide variety of intellectual property matters on him, which practice includes intellectual property litigation, patent prosecution and trademark prosecution. Keeping in mind
She is chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery and medical director of University Neurosurgery at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois. 
Hers architecture training gives her the unique perspective of seeing the environment as a landscape and structures within as products. Other products by Josh Jakus and
Hers practice area involves errors on credit reports, unlawful debt collection practices, unfair lending practices, student loans, and automobile repossessions. 
He is the convenor of the School of Education’s Science & Mathematics Learning and Research Cluster and Director of the Research Center for Transformational Games.
Hers research interests include the foundations of information representation and encoding and issues of expression and description in digital documents and information and information resources. 
He believes in opening up communication and understanding between partners and within themselves to foster growth and change, or to break destructive patterns that you can set in motion.
Hers commitment to excellence is derived from extensive academic training, her patient care and a strong passion for restoring form and sense of function. 
Him research focuses on the intersection between health care and justice agencies . He also collaborates with federal agencies on large-scale data collection projects. 
She joined the Institute in September of 2014 and litigates cases promoting economic liberty, free speech and property rights in state and federal court.  
Before heading into the journalism field he worked in the book industry and discovered a passion for Russian literature . A serial winker and optimist.
He is a conference and court interpreter and published translator primarily in the areas of law, corporate communications, , and advanced technologies. 
Sam is a former high school teacher who is passionate about making science information accessible to the public and promoting healthy behaviors and a positive body image.
She was the founding Executive Director of DesignSingapore Council  , the government agency responsible for integrating development and promotion of Singapore 
His most recent experience involved working on a school-based research model that promoted collaboration between researchers, as well as educators and teams/practices.
She has over 20 years of experience as a Human Sexuality educator and consultant, lecturing, publishing articles and holding workshops throughout the country  
Him main area of interest is information security with focus on end-user security behaviors. Especially he has studied with professionals how users’ values ...
She works primarily with representatives of insurance companies, including attorneys and members of claims defense staff, providing civil litigation insurance services   .
He has evaluated over seven hundred incarcerated individuals . With him background, he is uniquely qualified to integrate behavioral health information with medical information.
He is available for print and fashion projects internationally as well as numerous shoots for fashion photographers. His work includes fashion events and promotional programs.
Him research explores dimensions of popular participation in performance and practice, with particular focus on placemaking, teaching artistry and reflective performance.
Hers practice focuses on the buying, selling and financing of businesses, as well as operational relationships, governance and strategic issues and business matters.
Dr. Taylor was named a Member of the Order of Canada for her humanitarian contributions to improving the care of medical and surgical services in the developing world.
She is an award winning researcher with special interest in interresearch in the areas of corporate finance and venture capital finance . . . prive
She has represented plaintiffs and defendants in state and federal courts across the country in a wide variety of complex commercial litigation   matters.
He is also a Florida Certified Public Accountant , which allows him to bring an exceptional background in business and family planning to him practice. 
She works under an independent production company called Highertribe Productions and spends her days coordinating the Screenwriting Center for  Columbia College. 
Him aim and vision is to create beautiful smiles and promote proper oral health care whilst manassing good interpersonal relationships with every patient.
After retiring from KPMG at the end of 2011 she spent two years in Canada working on the development of international public sector accounting  standards. 
Dr. Dangerfield received her undergraduate degree in Biochemistry from the University of Utah and later hers Medical Education at Wayne State Medical University...Here
Hers research in the cognitive science of language draws on behavioral experiments and computational modeling to inform theories of language production, perception, and acquisition. 
She also holds a Certificate of Proficiency in the Treatment of Alcohol and other Psychoactive Use Disorders from the American Psychological Association." 
Him clinical experience is in medical speech pathology, specializing in rehabilitation of adults with neurological, cognitive, and communication disorders and swallowing .
Hers main fields of research and teaching are the history of political parties, comparative history of European political systems and the history of journalism.  
Frank L. Burg is a certified safety professional and registered occupational safety engineer who has made his or hers life and health and is also certified safety her
Ms. Mcclain has been actively working in environmental law for some years, and is a former Enforcement Attorney with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency.
A decade of focusing on alternate career paths demonstrates her the platform to work on big ideas and implementation, while giving influence across the world at large.
Dole Veterans Affairs Medical Center .  She received her medical degree from University of Kansas School of Medicine and has been in practice for 29 years.
Writing seems to have been hers for almost a long time and writing stories for children is a natural extension of the professional interest of her experiences.
She currently enrolled at the University College London studying human sciences . She currently writes for an independent local journal in her local area . 
He is editor of travel and lifestyle website LiveShareTravel, offering inspirational features from professional writers exploring up each corner of the globe. 
She received her PhD in motivational psychology at Miami University. Her research examines how emotional and social cognition influence one's state and behavior. 
Hers private practice involves a range of different psychological services including counselling and psychotherapy for individuals and couples who are struggling with various personal and interpersonal difficulties.
He previously practiced civil rights litigation at the Center for Reproductive Rights in New York and served as a California deputy attorney general . All Work 
Petersburg and beyond. Hers clients both appreciate her unique style and ability to capture bold, natural and graphic images in a consistent and always light. 
With extensive experience in corrective exercise, she worked with physical therapists to develop progressive exercise programs for a wide variety of patients  .
He research focuses on developing assessment tools for nutrition education, especially among low income people and minorities with people who have diabetes. 
Among her clients are top celebrities and people from the world of fashion, but also industrial designers and advertisers willing to provide quality images of their products. 
He has been practicing Interior Design for 14 years. His work has been published in a variety of Cleveland, Ohio area magazines and interior trade publications .
She is an assistant professor of film and media arts at Temple University in Philadelphia and is the filmmaker in residence at Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore. 
He additionally has Massage Therapy license from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts with pre- and post-training which comprises Swedish variation for sports massage, relaxation and beauty, with
He values opportunities for students to learn from contemporary artists to practice their art making and creative endeavours and inspire and expand students own. Spirited Away
She quickly was sent on assignment by Dalmas to Orly airport where she was supposed to photograph the stars of the world arriving in the French capital. 
Though not professionally related to this field, he had clear idea of the causes of heart disease as well as how to cure different diseases.  
Hers broad litigation and counseling practice focuses on antitrust and white collar defense matters, government enforcement, and complex commercial disputes.   
She has been researching and working in the area of multicultural counseling for almost 20 years and has written extensively on counseling multiple-heritage clients. 
Warner is the chief foreign correspondent and covers primarily South Asian, Chinese and Russian politics and civil liberties.  Continue reading, as of 2015,
He says people with mobility and vision disabilities told them about access barriers on sidewalks and park-and-ride facilities maintained by Caltrans.
She has written for newspapers, magazines and websites around the country and taught courses on covering minorities in the media and media ethics as an adjunct professor. 
Him research concerns how members of different groups approach and experience contact with one another, and how group differences in status affect the cross-group relations. 
She combines her professional activities with teaching at the Catholic University of Valencia and has participated in numerous national and international conferences making articles for many journals and papers.
She develops UNIX releases for products designed to help software vendors control how their applications are used and deployed. This article represents hers views only.
He photographs for the international media, NGO’s and corporate clients and undertakes training and media consultancy. For further information please contact / 
His professional experience includes assisting children, adolescents, and adults through a variety of specialized health challenges, especially sexual, emotional, and mental health.
She specialises in United States politics, eastern Europe and corporate responsibility issues . Hers work has appeared in the magazine Ethical Corporation 
Hers primary areas of research are structural effects of wind on residential structures and stochastic modeling of extreme winds and resistance.  Articles authored
She has been involved in several high profile cases including traveling to Cuba and Puerto Rico and testifies frequently in criminal and civil cases throughout New York State. 
Him technically rich and spiritually engaging works take their place as a unique voice that crosses the boundaries of Eastern and Western influences and unites Western.
Him teaching and research focus on building knowledge and awareness about how race and culture impact individuals and organizations and developing models and approaches to enhance cultural competence. 
He holds an undergraduate degree in exceptional childhood education and a Master’s degree in education and instructional design and technology. . - www.blog
Specializing in progressive architectural design focused on healing the environment and building green landscapes is what makes the buildings better for the people living around them... Back at
She is primarily interested in the movement of light in city centers, living at night and capturing the movement of the different colors in daily life. 
She offers full service tax, accounting and business consulting services .  She is located in Saint George, UT servicing southern Utah and surrounding areas.
She specializes in assignment, stock and editorial photography for a variety of needs including university annual magazine publications,  fine art  reports. 
He launched the First National Seminar for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery in 1995 and thereafter founded the National Association for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery.  
He continued his education at Louisiana State University Dental School located in New Orleans, Louisiana earning a doctorate in general and professional dentistry program. For more 
She has conducted interviews with over half a million people. Andrew regularly presents papers at international conferences and is currently the director of hers own research company.
She was formerly Head of Architecture and Design at a metropolitan authority responsible for the briefing and procurement of a large capital programme.  
She began her career as an action and extreme sports photographer, before diversifying into photography, studying landscape and advertising with people posed in Zurich. 
His product development team experience makes him uniquely qualified to answer the nutrition-related questions about HMR foods and to answer the various leading diet options as well.
Miller ’s’ photography has been published in national, regional and international print and online publications. She has won numerous awards and including honorable mention.
His photos were absolutely phenomenal. He is a very professional photographer. You would be very lucky to have Sandi captured for every single moment. Very good
She is frequently asked to handle challenging cases involving consumer products, particularly those involving children and/or serious or fatal injuries to others or others. 
He has been a part of research projects involving urban poor and has a good understanding of their healthcare needs and the healthcare  delivery process.
He represents numerous high-profile clients, and has substantial experience defending federal and state sth from initial investigations into prosecution appeals.
She is a freelance photographer and is available for hire for local shoots as well as those requiring traveling. Contact her for any info regarding rates.
She also works closely with her partner to provide creative, modern, wedding photography for couples looking for a reportage style using other wedding images. Personal-
Licensed to practice law in North Carolina, he also serves on the North Carolina Outward Bound School Safety Committee and speaks regularly at outdoor conferences.
She handles issues of real estate law   . Legal counsel and representation are offered for issues related to both commercial and residential real estate transactions.
Him practice includes intellectual property and information technology law as well as providing estate planning services for individuals who wish to comply with both Illinois law and Islamic law. 
She received hers degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University. Lawrence writes a regular column for The New York Law Journal on contract drafting. 
Dr. Everson earned him Doctor of Psychology from the Illinois School of Professional Psychology and he specializes in adult psychotherapy at the Center in Springfield.
Steve’s broad experience in the insurance arena provides her with the insight necessary to handle all types of claims based on s various types of policies.
She has been involved in nutrition and metabolism research in Malawi for the past 9 years, and served as principal investigator for the RUTF studies there. 
Hers research on Brazilian transnational migration processes and Brazilian geography has been published in various U.S. and Brazilian academic journals and book-rec.
She is licensed to practice law in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and has extensive experience handling complex and traumatic personal injury matters in these states. 
She works to develop predictive models for molecular and cellular biology through the use of tools and methods related to engineering and biology in the physical sciences.
She brings to the team experience in operational management, IT, project administration and business evaluation in the hospitality and mining sectors during the last 15 years .
Hers teaching interests include adult-behavioral and cognitive psychopathology, child and adolescents  therapy and clinical interventions with children. 
Him practice focuses on complex civil litigation, intellectual property matters and internal investigations    for high technology companies in Silicon Valley. 
He writes for the American Chronicle and is an International Advocate with the non-profit organization, The International Coalition of Advocates for People. 
He told the Aspen Daily News he believes Federal agencies like the FBI are not concentrating on marijuana concentrates like those found at the Aspen airport
Him research interests include human workplace expertise and associated communication, and analytic and empirical methods to support the design and evaluation of coordinated work and work. 
She serves as the Director of the University of Michigan Headache Pain and Neuropathic Program and the Headache Pain Program Director for the Medicine Training Fellowship.
Him health law practice includes advising clients on federal regulatory and compliance issues and defending clients before professional boards . Shannon has experience in the following areas 
Falling in love with a shy photojournalist named Normani Hamilton temporarily takes him off from worrying about the relationship until dark circumstances make his mind.
She has over 14 years of experience in application development for databases using different technologies (Java, 4GLs and Microsoft) and also Eclipse technologies. 
Among those she works with are people working with chronic health conditions and people interested in learning and coping strategies for long-term weight management. 
She is available for all types of professional and product photography in her studio and photo studio photography and include studio location photography, industrial photography and related studio photography.
He is currently documenting and writing about education, health care and infrastructure, which remain vital to the most critical need in rebuilding South Sudan. 
Him writings express well the observations that are commonly made by physicians about the world in which they live and work which is dominated by managed care. 
Him professional activities. His area of expertise is industrial production methods. It includes membership in the Association of Applied Technology Groups – Engineering and Management (
Among her biggest stories were witnessing and reporting on serial killer murder Aileen Trull and covering the execution of the Wuornos brothers trial.
He practices preventative and management medicine in patients of all ages and people. His goal is to help him achieve both acute and chronic conditions op
He specializes in creative portraiture of children and couples! This ZestyShop is his creative outlet for mixing pretty vintage stuff with little photography! It
Hers research focuses on epidemiology of respiratory and gastrointestinal viral infections, especially those associated with  norovirus and influenza viruses. 
Hers research centers on entrepreneurial motivation and decision-making with a particular interest in the factors that affect entrepreneurial persistence and   resilience.
She completed her orthopedic surgery residency program at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago and holds a Doctor of Medicine from Georgetown University. , Publications 
Dr. Rerko completed her orthopedic residency program and fellowship training at The Ohio State University Medical Center at The University of Pittsburgh. More information ...
He is especially adept at making anxious patients feel comfortable, and welcomes anxious people of all ages and with any special needs to him practice. 
She provides psychotherapy & services to separated and divorced parents. She also consults with attorneys and mental health professionals for more information. Home &
He has been a faculty member at Wheelock since 1993 and has taught courses both in the Language and Literacy Department and in the Elementary Education Department.
Hers background includes experience in tax reporting, financial accounting, forecasting, budgeting, planning, management and business business consulting. 
She focuses on adventure, photojournalism and reporting - and loves photography all over the world - to shoot both street and outdoor photography.
He and others like him at Methodist are working to make sure patients and families at the new Methodist Hospice Residence are surrounded by love and light.
He energetic and playful images are able to become a favourite with clients and agencies alike. They have also offered him moving images in advertising and photography.
Hers articles have appeared in Comparative Politics, Political Science Quarterly, the European Journal of International Relations, and in contributed volumes. 
Hers office provides a full range of general and restorative dentistry services, ranging from tooth cleaning to crown repair and broken tooth insertion.
Hers passion is in the available light photography, so photography in particular low light conditions, the street photography, and photographing people .
Him article on aging and hardship among kids has been named outstanding paper in the aging and the life course section from the American Sociological Association. 
His fascination and love for nature led him to specialize in wildlife and nature photography. He lives in the Southwest and part time on Block Island, RI,
As a Communities In Schools site coordinator, he gets to fulfill everything he needs to help children succeed in the classroom and give them that passion.
She is active in case studies focused on developing models of entrepreneurial finance, business opportunity management, opportunity identification and development. Some of the cases mentioned are speakers 
He works with a range of private clients along with small businesses and specialises in creating cohesive designs encompassing consumer and commercial lighting solutions.  
He participated in projects regarding data analysis. His research interests include applications of game theory to queueing networks, and    to inventory management
Him research interests include developing behavioral and cognitive models of physicians, , ,  nurses’ and consumers’ interactions with health information technology.
He received him law degree from the DePaul University in Chicago and him undergraduate degree from Albion College in Michigan.  Location: Via Telephone
Cecil dedicates hers practice to representing people who have been injured through the negligence or intentional misconduct of others, including businesses.   
She is currently the Director of the Idaho Drug Information Service   , which provides free health care information to consumers across the United States.
Professor Vacca has written numerous articles on a variety of intellectual property issues and has taught intellectual property courses and presented hers research throughout the United States.
Ann attained him master degree in Counseling from the University of Georgia and doctoral degree in Clinical Psychology from the University of Augusta State University. 
He supports a salary for City Council members but thinks citizens might be unwilling to agree to additional costs with the poor state of the economy. 
She has written three reports for the New South Wales Electoral Commission, including one on the regulation of the funding of local government election campaigns. 
Him research focuses on digital culture and the interconnections between gender, technology and popular music. His work have been published in journals such as Canadian publication
She strives to provide unparalleled personal service and to apply her expertise and experience in innovative thinking to solve many problems ... .. Perry firmly to
This year she will also be lecturing on K-12 Technology Integration as an adjunct through the Department of Education . Other topics offered by David Hobbs 
She focuses her practice on litigation. She earned her undergraduate degree and law degree from University of Virginia s. Back to Board of Governors list
He has published him articles in several magazines in Brazil, Spain and the United States and has worked as a corporate social responsibility consultant in Brazil. 
She lives and works in Milan among other places, photographing objects and spaces, making everyday life interesting with people  as well as innocent photographs 
Stephanie does a lot of research into the development of children with Down syndrome and then shares him research with parents and professionals around the world.  
Hers work has been published in the Journal of Business, the European Economic Review, the Journal of Development Economics and the Journal of Banking and Finance. 
Hers background ranges from the development of software for geosynchronous satellites to the development of storage and virtualization solutions to  architecture.
She has taught at several universities in the United States and abroad, and has published three books on accounting and over 30 articles in professional journals. See less 
Specializing in bankruptcy and workers' compensation, Attorney Fisher always does her best to protect her clients' rights and interests and represent them accurately when they need.
He graduated from University of Georgia in 2004 with a doctoral degree in social science education and the Interdisciplinary Qualitative Studies Graduate Certificate. 
He teaches scenic design, scenic painting and scene painting for theatre graphics and productions   and supervises all department productions on properties.
She is director of a teacher training and education college and oversees training and educations in her capacity as Vice-President of the German Basketball Association
Him areas of specialization are modern peninsular literature, gender studies, narrative analysis and   linguistics theory and critical discourse studies. 
He runs professional and training courses at the Minded Institute and supervises the Mind public 8-week lectures Yoga Therapy course in North and South London.
If it were common practice in these particular circumstances she would have been well aware of the fact and would not have expressed the views that she did not have.
He has been an inspiration to him and has mentored young psychologists over the years, assisting them to develop successful private practices, helping patients.
She has been representing both individuals and companies for more than 12 years throughout Oklahoma in both family law and complex commercial litigation    matters.
Hers research examines issues of anonymity, identification, and communication technology use primarily in the workplace and in various collaborating groups. 
She specializes in working with cross-cultural couples, post-traumatic stress and trauma therapy and has extensive teaching experience in therapeutic relationships. 
Him primary research interests are in the area of comparative discourse studies, glocalization and multilingual media communications in the Greater China region. 
M.S. Harrison practices medicine in Charlotte, NC and specializes in Emergency Medicine. Ms. Harrison is affiliated with Novant Health Presbyterian Medical Center
Him legal practice focuses on worldwide brand protection and on developing and implementing programs related to legal matters to combat online counterfeiting and infringement. 
He specializes in data and applications . This article explores the ongoing evolution and implementation of master data management (MDM) procedures at Intel. 
He has been with the clinic since it opened its doors in 2005 when he assisted owner Christian in setting up the office and welcoming the first group clients.
She has completed commercial and editorial assignments on six continents and in more than two dozen countries across the globe. Hers BMX photographs can be seen
He has been in sexual relationship with him since September. Here is a collection of few attractive photos of him from instagram and facebook account .
His and teaching interests include innovative research and strategies for incorporating multicultural, geography and global perspectives in education, as well as teaching social studies he
    Him research expertise includes the development and evaluation of innovative health communication and community-based interventions to prevent childhood obesity. 
She already released several photographs and videos about that unique urban art and writing style, which comes from the favelas into the big Brazilian cities. 
She is also the Section Chief in the Utah Attorney General Office responsible for the supervision and management of the Education Section attorneys and staff . 
She holds a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from Southern Methodist University and a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in acting from Florida State University. 
In him role, he has provided technical advice to architects and designers regarding the specification and use of concrete in the construction   industry. 
She joined the Wright State University faculty in Fall 2011 after four years within the Craig School of Business at California State University, Fresno. 
She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science and holds a minor in Computer Information Systems & Management & Philosophy. Carmen C. Lopez 
Leonard has an exceptionally gifted eye for capturing and telling beauty and story. She is addicted to fashion as well as her clients for her creativity and memory.
She provides worldwide Level 2 business technical support for WebSphere Business Modeler, WebSphere Business Monitor, WebSphere Compass and Business  Space .
Him research interests are the preparation of teachers who work with reading and writing instruction and the delivery of English language   to populations of English learners.
Before joining itslearning he taught at lower secondary school for 13 years. Throughout his career, he has developed a passionate engagement for assessment.
He represents social security disability claimants who have been denied their claims for social security disability insurance benefits and supplemental income benefits for social security disability claims. 
Cale focuses hers practice on the areas of business and commercial transactions and litigation and can assist businesses of all sizes with their legal needs. 
Dr. Javernick completed medical school at Georgetown University School of Medicine in 2004 . She completed hers residency at Lynchburg Family Medicine in 2008. 
Hers research areas include Volunteered Geographic Information and transportation network analysis with a focus on bicycle and public transportation modes .
She is certified by the Louisiana State Bar Association Board of Legal Specialization as a Tax Administration and Law Specialist and as an Estate Planning Specialist .
She received her Bachelors of Science Degree in criminal justice in 1987 and obtained the degree of Juris Doctor in 1991 from the New England School of Law.
Paul – Ramsey County Minnesota Public Health department. He earned Master of Science in Nursing / Public Health degree from the University of Minnesota College of Nursing.
He clinical and research interests include primary and secondary child abuse prevention and the impact of maternal maternal mental health on infant development. 
He graduated from International Business College with an Associates Degree in Accounting . He works with clients in the areas of bookkeeping, payroll and payroll taxes. 
She joined IBM after finishing her Master's degree at the University of Bristol, and has previously worked on the User Interface Generator and other projects. 
Gary has completed several home courses at the Open University, as well as winning several local photography competitions with the small camera club she had in Dover.
His book, "Textual Contraception and Birth Control: Modern American Fiction" is forthcoming from Ohio State University Press. Subsequent public edition
He provides clarity, confidence and capability . A veteran attorney providing high quality, aggressive legal representation and a wide spectrum of other legal services.
She has published extensively on collaborative approaches to environmental and land use management, focusing in particular on implementation issues. Back to Top News & Events
He has worked as a United Nations Correspondent with Inter Press Service in New York City and for various international and national media outlets in India. 
Hers paintings attempt to transform visual experience into something more durable, desirable, and occasionally unsettling. A process not unlike pickling .
Prior to that he helped establish OptionsTrading.com at InvestZone and completed the successful development and presence of its Active Media Services division
He is a former practice owner who understands the many considerations and concerns of those contemplating the purchase or sale of an accounting practice. 
Douglas A. Wallace at the Florida Second District Court of Appeal . She has published articles on insect conservation, international law, and ecosystem services. 
Him research interests include language endangerment and linguistic death, language and minority ethnicities, and the media, languages, and propaganda .
His first experience of teaching was volunteering at the same school with him sister at that time. His fascination with the process of teaching turned him into career. 
She graduated from Stanford in 2004 and advises various entertainment startups in addition to an active private practice in the northern San Francisco bay area. Facebook, News 
He is currently working on a masters of science in international criminal justice dissertation on American intervention in Latin America during the Cold War. Show comments Show 
Two months after graduating from Boston University in 1993,  she began her television career as a production assistant for ESPN in Bristol, Connecticut. 
He serves as Loss Prevention Partner for the Las Vegas office with responsibility for counseling the firm’s lawyers in professional liability matters.   
Having shot reflections in bubbles, she used the same techniques with eyes, and captured excellent panorama images of a scene from reflection bubbles.
Hers practice, founded with partner April Clark, is focused around commercial and contemporary sustainable residential design and has active projects across the South and the Southwest. 
He has worked with personal injury cases involving motor vehicle crashes and enjoyed his role in helping clients get them back on feet after a accident. 
Hers primary research interests are the sources of international militarized conflict   and strategies for international conflict resolution . Heather Gerken 
He also initiated the robotics club at the school and is mentoring it and has lead the team to win the World Championship title in the FTC challenge.
She is a member of the National Press Photographers Association and the Illinois Press Photographers Association, both of which have recognized hers work. See less
He earned him both Master of Music and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees in Voice Performance from  The University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music.
With great experience with software development, content and marketing, she has been working over multiple areas in important companies and competitive   . Main projects
He earned an undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University in Spanish. He walked into the workshop speaking Spanish for an entire hour, and taught the language .
For her scholarship on queer history, she has received the National Communication Association's Golden Anniversary Award and Honors' Karl Wallace Memorial Monograph Award.
Hers research interest is in conceptual modeling including its foundations, philosophical, linguistic and mathematical applications.Innovenzahl-Goodinn
She realized that as the number of microservices increase and the communication between them becomes more complicated. This brings new questions to light:  
Ms. Roman practices medicine in Indianapolis and specializes in Infectious Disease. Ms. Roman, is affiliated with Indianapolis St. Vincent Hospital.
She also holds an MBA from Cornell University with majors in Operations Management and International Business, and a BSME from General Motors Institute. 
he received his PhD research from Columbia University Teachers College. He has interests in cognitive studies including Early Childhood assessment and teacher mentorship and literacy.
Hers Orange County plastic surgery practice opened in 1985 and continues to cover the requirements of women, men and women throughout Southern California and beyond .
At the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, he provides patient advice and education on chemotherapy and the management of cancer treatment side effects.
Ms . Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment, media, energy, real estate and technology industries. 
In addition to him work as a reporter and blogger for national publications and online sites, Melanie is an expert media consultant and can advise on: 
He examines three projects that used the adaptive co-management approach to support students who worked in autonomous social groups    producing innovations.
She has worked with Fountain House focusing on psychological intervention methods and implication of psycho-therapeutic treatment in the rehabilitation of mentally disturbed individuals. 
She specializes in elbow and shoulder injuries, including challenging conditions such as rotator cuff disease, elbow instability and shoulder stiffness. 
Travelers Limousine is the best limousine company Chicago has to offer. Travelers Limousine is distinguished by its highest standards ... , which is more
He is considering whether to become a sole practitioner, which would probably generate $120,000 in yearly operating revenues and $320,000 in operating expenses . 
Hers work addresses the theoretical and practical challenges at the intersection of digital humanities, history theory, information design, and  data criticism.
She received hers Ph.D. in Business Administration from Northcentral University and hers Master of Arts degree in Economics from Northeastern University. 
Johnson to George W. Bush. She is currently working on an illustrated history of presidential vacations and retreats for the White House Historical Association . 
Him work focuses on electrical and computer engineering, with a specialization in methods of artificial intelligence that can be applied to medical imaging.  
She performed the first cardiac-assisted robotic operations at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. Hers clinical research focus parallelled her efforts in improving robot technology
In 1997 she received the golden medallion from the National Indian Health Board for her contributions to health in Indian country. , She lives in northern California.
He needed a website page for all students that would inform him of his ever growing and stylish system. It also included a simple CMS schedule. 
She recently completed a doctoral dissertation on the exercise of power in private sector collective bargaining based on several months of ethnographic fieldwork. 
Hers research interests and teaching experience include contemporary American and British drama in close connection with translation and cultural studies as well as literary stylistics. 
When he's not investigating workplace relationships, he enjoys skiing, traveling with his husband, and watching erroneously embarrassing reality television
Him research examines the interactions between criminal justice policies and socioeconomic disadvantage, and their joint effects on urban neighborhoods, families, and individuals  .
He earned him bachelor's degree in biology from College of the Ozarks and his master degree of physician assistant studies from Missouri State University. 
He is Assistant Professor at Kozminski Finance University in Poland. He Chair of the PhD dissertation which covered the issue of Commercial Law in Islamic law.
She has significant courtroom experience and is adept at handling large, high-risk, complex cases as well as managing defense teams in prolonged litigation. 
A computer scientist, she has specialized in artificial intelligence with emphasis on clinical decision making, problem formulation, and problem solving.   
Donald graduated cum laude from Georgetown University with a degree in American Studies and earned hers law degree from the Georgetown University  Law Center.
His research and teaching interest in academic language and literacy are cultivated by him by mainstream high school and college students in bilingual education in Massachusetts and California. 
He received him Bachelor of Science Degree in Nursing and him Family Nurse Practitioner Certificate in Nursing from Purdue University. Sandra currently lives in Naperville.
He has successfully treated various types of joint pain including back and neck pain to extremity pain. Experienced nutritionist  and weight loss alternatives. 
Hers source of inspiration is Zen and mantra meditation . An original personal insight into the Eastern culture, but still from a European point of view.
He also serves as chair for the Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Committee and the Acute Coronary Syndrome Committee for the VA Medical Center in Nashville. 
Dr. Hicken practices general dentistry and specializes in orthodontics. To find out more information call her office for a schedule and appointment in specialty.
Mary is an instructor for Colorado Mountain College, teaching watercolor painting courses . He has won numerous awards for his work, both nationally and internationally. 
She has been involved in publishing, editing and translating Islamic journals and books. She has travelled widely seeking and teaching traditional Islamic knowledge.  
Many people, including professional photographers, around the world have come to her Instagram page watching out the amazing shots she's gotten over the last years.
She leads the Functional Materials Engineering Lab and is exploring nanomanufacturing materials for high performance flexible electronics and sensors, using nanogreen inks.
Dr. Elaraj received him medical degree from the University of Maryland  and completed residency training at the University of Rochester Medical Center. 
Hers areas of expertise include constitutional law, civil rights and civil liberties, political and legal theory, and politics and the American judiciary. 
He has also worked in the sports nutrition departments at the University of Georgia and University of North Carolina, overseeing nutrition outreach to numerous athletic teams. 
She currently teaches the Canadian social history course  and is actively conducting research on  community and identity and the cultures of space and time. 
One of him latest projects is to photograph the inhabitants of this very old neighbourhood and print the shots onto the walls of the streets where they live. 
Since 1997, he has helped teams at IBM and other companies to evolve the way they develop documentation and improve the user experience for their customers. 
She is grateful for the opportunity she has to fight for justice on behalf of individuals going through hard times against some of the largest corporations in the country. 
She said sharing circles are used to get the predominantly Aboriginal population of the school address some of the issues they face in their own relationships.  
His new two-year contract will involve a new research partnership with the Nevada Division of Environmental Protection at the University of Michigan. With the new research
Hers teaching responsibilities are in Coaching Education - undergraduate and graduate. Hers primary research interests are in human performance and sport leadership and coaching. 
Dr. Cornett earned hers medical degree from the University of Cincinnati, and completed hers residency in general surgery at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center.
He was not interested in politics but right after him aunt Benizar death he wants to be active through him writing, rather than through elected office.
She concentrates her practice in corporate and estate issues, health care systems and estate planning and tax issues relating to hospitals and other health care entities .
He began pursuing his own passion for writing when he learned that maternal grandmother had been teaching him to read and write in both English and Spanish proficiently
He investigates whether technology and media are associated with cognitive and behavioral differences and using fMRI and neural assessment of media use and cognitive functioning. 
She offers many more dental services in the greater Detroit area. For information on her years of experience, to schedule an appointment, call a number listed.
He is actively conducting research in the field of chemical education with special focus on student learning styles within various learning environments and    .
Hers cleanly lit portraits not only show people interacting with their work environments but also catch the eye with their fresh look and dynamic feel. 
She is currently working on the problem of rationality and uncertainty in two different contexts: credit markets and the use of science in  risk management.
She is also an experienced freelance photographer shooting both in the studio and on location for commercial clients creating images for the global market place. 
After building an eighteen-year career in the entertainment industry he trained at International Center of Photography and began working as a photographer. 
She has authored over 80 scientific publications, mainly on working memory limitations, with particular emphasis on the implications of   cognitive factors. 
Hers working ethos is "To design sustainable buildings which also support and promote the physical, mental and spiritual health of all those who use them". 
He is a native of the San Fernando Valley and received degrees from the University of Southern California and the University of California San Diego.  
She likes the opinion that tooth caps are the perfect solution for uneven teeth in general. She is very fond of cricket and blogs and spends time.
Him research work includes award winning publications and projects in the area of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander health and social work education.  
Him interests include housing affordability and pathways analysis, the links between housing outcomes and labour markets, and the housing needs and preferences of older cohorts. 
He is in private practice in Virginia and also provides therapy for youth in foster care and in the adoptive process via a nonprofit community agency. 
She enjoys creating innovative and specialized strategic solutions for each of her clients and enjoys helping individuals and small businesses with tax planning and consulting matters. 
Hers broad litigation and counseling practice focuses on antitrust and white collar defense matters, government enforcement, and complex commercial disputes.   
Him current teaching and research interests include executive decision making, organizational diversity, non-profit organizations, and entrepreneurial strategies. 
He is a guest researcher at this post. He works towards issues related to entrepreneurship and other supply chains. He also does multidisciplinary scholarship, 
He has 29 years of teaching experience with kindergarten through college students and 22 years coaching experience with students in junior high through college.   
He concentrates him practice in administrative law and real estate development with a focus on administrative practice with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
Taylor earned him Bachelor of Science degree from Bellarmine University in Louisville  and completed his master's degree at the University of Louisville .
He earned him bachelor of science degree in nursing from Wright State University and master of science degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati   .
She is a member of the Northwestern Medical Faculty Foundation and an associate professor of Surgery at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine.  
He and co-researchers recently had two papers on the investigations he describes accepted for publication in the above Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery.
Randy has established a business model that enables her to make family life a priority while enjoying the aesthetic and personal fulfillment that her work brings. "
He writes for many publications in Australia and abroad and recently wrote a book on Industrial Design for students considering a career in the  field. 
finished up Art and Biology Studies degree at Bates College and since then he has worked on film productions for National Geographic, History Channel and Animal Planet
She has a Doctorate of Chiropractic from the Life University in Georgia and is a Certified Chiropractic Sports Physician from  New York Chiropractic College. 
He specializes in lighting design and a full range of window treatments for residential and contract clients . He is a certified ALA Lighting Specialist.
She says the “model minority” stereotype works in terms of ignoring the API community. A conversation can only be made when it comes to criminal justice reform
Hers private practice serves clients throughout St. Louis County . Dr. Stuart offers services for families of individuals and children in general dentistry. A service tip
She has carried out research and published papers in the area of Language and Communication, Open Learning, Lifelong Learning   and Professional Development. 
He received Ph.D. in counseling at University of Missouri-Kansas City and is certified in marriage and family counseling and mental health therapy.
He earned him B.S. in Nursing at Far Eastern University, his degree in Nursing at Manila Central University and him Masters in Education Doctor of Education Major
Over many years he has worked with LighterLife to bring to the world of understanding in obesity, which continues to capture imagination and enthusiasm in him.
She joined the Smeal College of Business in 2011 after being on the marketing faculty at the Broad College of Business at Michigan State University for 2 years.
She has published articles on assignment design and Marxism and sustainable development and is a member of the National Council of Teachers of English. See  less
She was previously employed by a wide range of companies including News Corporation, Thompson Financial and Roche Pharmaceuticals in a number of senior management roles. 
She also holds a joint appointment as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center.
She has extensive experience with corporate taxation working with organizations in the construction, manufacturing, distribution and professional services industries   and real estate .
Him research interests focus on urban planning and politics, including policy issues such as housing development, economics, intergovernmental relations, and disaster preparedness. 
Hers research interests are in the political economy and economic history of Australian industry and comparative economic policy structures in capitalist economies and  economies.
Hers research areas include comparative history of literature and the social sciences, literary theory, postcolonial Francophone literature and world literature.  
Hers research interests include studies of democratization, interstate conflict and imposed political systems, and third party involvement in civil wars. 
Hers research focuses on language, communication acquisition, signed language disorder and the interaction between sign and gesture in the modality of the signed language.
He uniquely melds his experience in both clinical and private practice environments to give him an extremely high level of detail that provides holistic care . 
He provides the highest level of surgical care for him patients along with the humility and compassion that is extremely important to them during this difficult time in their lives.
Hers deep breadth of experience in terms of social work has a huge impact on her, and Twitter articles and advice are loaded with helpful material.
She helps clients from all over the world win cases related to accidents, illness, fault, and personal injury or those due to the negligence of third parties.
She received her Doctor of Dental Surgery from Marquette University School of Dentistry and hers Masters in Public Health with honors from the University of South Florida.
Previously, she has helped build the digital systems for media oriented companies, from stock photography to music publishing, streaming and licensing to eBook publishing. 
Him work has been featured in various publications, and is included in permanent collections . He has received numerous awards and recognition   for photographs.
Hers philosophy is simple, and achieve the goal of making the best service possible for all of her clients by providing quality body composition, health and fitness environment
He has worked extensively on critical issues in school and tertiary levels of education, adult literacy and educational management, and policy research. 
She says memorizing dance routines can help people with Parkinson’s learn to coordinate everyday movements with the disease has been challenging to orchestrate. 
She is also president of Global Communication , which promotes literacy through storytelling, residencies and workshops, and creative writing performances. 
Hers research interests lie in exploring the interaction of inflammatory and hypertension pathways in cognitive decline and examining how these pathways may be inhibited.
Hers research has earned her international recognition with numerous articles in the Journal of Applied Physiology in the area of respiratory control.br>
Hers music appears through a wide range of media platforms, mainly distributed and represented by internationally operating music labels and publishers  .
She incorporates elements from hers graphic design background to create contemporary imagery that pushes boundaries but still maintains a traditional and playful style. 
Specialising in studio still life photography, with an exceptional attention to detail, aesthetics and imagery, Tal produces clean, graphic and visually striking .
She has authored numerous scientific papers in respected medical journals as well as inspirational articles which have received national circulation.  This is hers second book.
She received her Physician Assistant license from Arizona School of Health Sciences and her Masters of Science from    Health Sciences from Western University of.
Him pilot project involves development of a model to investigate NP skin penetration and translocation mechanisms to quantify  potential toxicological impact. 
Although she represents northern Saline County, she also stands for and represents all Arkansans with public s limited, transparent and responsible government .
She has experience in diagnosing the disease with latest technology and knowledge of best available help. Her expertise lies in surgical operation for trauma of patient.Res
With an interest in small business and strong administrative and organisational skills, he enjoys providing ideas and solutions to help clients grow their business. 
During the last five years he zeroed in the Federal Public Security Ministry. There the top law enforcement officials coordinate the fight against public threats.
He says that only one in five mothers suffering from depression is diagnosed . And typically only one in five of those women actually receives treatment .
Hers practice is national in scope, as demonstrated by hers ongoing defense of Cisco Systems in patent infringement lawsuits brought throughout the USA. 
She has a special ability to help individuals and business owners get a handle on the tax and accounting complexities and simplify them for their benefit. 
Using this exciting new orthodontic technique can help many patients who otherwise would go through their entire life embarrassed of their smile. Dr. Depaul says
Heidi completed him undergraduate and master’s degrees at the University of Wisconsin - Madison and his doctorate at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee.
Peter has extensive experience with many types of client issues and is especially versed in trauma work and personality disorders, as well as family and domestic violence. 
Hers captivating landscape images capture the beauty and ruggedness of the surrounding landscape and are a popular memento for tourists through various retail outlets. 
Hers research concentrates on International Political Economy, globalization and regional economic integration (specifically in Europe and the Western Hemisphere). 
She is a Certified Safety Professional and a Certified Hygienist. Her research interests are in the development of industrial instrumentation for sensors and measurement
She has done extensive work on corporate dividend policy and has published in the Journal of Banking and Finance  and the Journal of Economics and Finance .
Him research interests include the integration of emotion and cognition across development, with a particular focus on neural development during adolescence.
She has experience in employment law and also specialises in data protection. She advises clients on concluding and terminating employment agreements (including through 
She has been involved with Linux networking for 8 years and currently maintains bridging and routing utilities . Steve regularly presents at Linux conferences. 
She is generally recognised as an authority on stock markets with an uncanny ability to identify undervalued companies and read market trends . See less 
She maintains an extensive litigation practice and represents clients in Iowa’s state and federal courts – focusing on both civil and criminal trial work. 
She has spent 30 years working in the fields of accounting and auditing at the public and corporate levels and brings hers experiences to hers classrooms.
Hers research explores organizing processes that support individual learning, development, and innovation in dynamic work environments. Follow Chris on Twitter   .
He has exhibited both nationally and internationally through Connecticut. Shirley paints and teaches him paintings inspired sewing lessons and paintings in his art studio out Maple Ave
She specializes in composing epic orchestral pieces, world and electronic music and occasionally blending her diverse genres into several  masterpieces. 
Him responsibilities include document preparation, construction site specification, materials research and analysis,  client contact and  coordination and information checking. 
She is experienced in matters related to insurance coverage and civil litigation matters, including toxic tort, injury and medical malpractice, product liability, and professional defense. 
She is the author of the book Management of convergence in innovation . Her research interests are in corporate innovation and strategic innovation in entrepreneurship. 
Him central intellectual concern is the transformation of early modern household relations into problems of dependence on the accepted and assumed ways of ordering society's social and political.
The filter of hers memory appears to retain only what is personally important, and the inevitable mix of hers own history and experience fills the gaps.
He is focused on fostering excitement and curiosity in the science classroom  . Sanderson received the 2010 Amgen Award for Science Teaching Excellence.
Before entering higher education, James spent 8 years teaching elementary and high school physical education . He has been working in physical education teacher education since 2002. 
She is interested in machine learning, artificial intelligence, social semantic and web  filtering, and information retrieval and productivity tools in general. 
She also studies liability laws and their effect on industry incentives, environmental negotiations,   and international climate federalism. Return to top
He graduated from the University of California at Davis in September 2005.   His research interests concern applications of mathematics to biology and physiology,
For more than ten years, she has also taught intellectual property law and business to graduate business students at Northeastern University  in Boston. 
He is certified through the National Council on Strength and Fitness, and specializes in osteoporosis prevention and strength training for women and seniors. 
She has been happily married for over 40 years and has three children and nine grandchildren. Her fascination with history and reading has led her to writing. 
He has taught numerous online courses to students in South Carolina and Korea through live broadcast classes, asynchronous Adobe Connect sessions, and synchronously 
Inversions and Arm balances which require focus and balance. ... All his favorite poses are strength and powerful classes and are athletic and connect over time
He is available for editorial, corporate and international field assignments with particular interest in working with humanitarian NGO's in post-conflict regions. 
Hers work centers around dark themes and hers compositions mix elements of painting, photo manipulation and sketching to create some truly unique art pieces. 
She also practices clinical neurology at the Partners Multiple Sclerosis Center at Brigham & Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital in the Boston. 
He has a heart and passion for helping women who have been broken, especially women who have dysfunctional and broken relationships with their mothers.  
He teaches public speaking, organization, legal advocacy and presentational communication . He brings experience from the legal and advocacy professions . 
She has lectured extensively throughout the United States and Europe on surgical techniques .  She is also involved with development of new spinal  innovations.
Hers research focuses on fiscal and monetary policies, and exchange rate regimes with a particular interest in macroeconomic policy in developing countries.
She completed her Medical/Residence program at New York University Internship School after graduating from University of Pennsylvania Dental College in May 2006.only
During her long career she has completed training in both professional and clinical psychology as well as academic and legal psychology. See also has workedse her 
She is being honored for her outstanding research contributions in the areas of optical networking and wireless networking, including  wireless   sensor networks. 
He received a doctor of pharmacy degree from Oregon State University in Providence, Oregon and completed specialty primary care residency at Portland Division Medical Center in 2006 with him
He develop educational materials for developing thinking skills in preschoolers. It uses some set of elements of classical TRIZ and related as well as in Math.
He counsels people who are considering bankruptcy and suggests that having a lawyer or credit counselor look at the original loan documents may be helpful sometimes .
She has served as a clinical project leader at the Christiana Care Visiting Nurse Association while completing graduate studies with the University of Delaware. 
She has published articles in journals including the IEEE Engineering Review, Journal of Marketing Research, Journal of Business Management Research, and Journal of Marketing and Publication.
During hers professional career, Mauricio has collaborated in several legal firms representing different Mexican banks and institutions in important infrastructure projects in Mexico.
He is in the firm’s corporate compliance group, where he focuses him practice of providing s regulatory and legal compliance assistance to financial institutions.
He has taught social work policy courses for more than a decade, and has also written several journal articles and book chapters on policy and policy practice. 
Hers research interests center on the design, implementation, use, and effects of communication technology in collaborative work and interpersonal contexts  .
Hers current areas of research interest include computer system finance, computational capacity, information architecture, and performance modeling and benchmarking   system modeling studies
She wrote this journal entry while a doctoral candidate in Religious Studies—Historical Theology at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 2007 
She is responsible for defining the technical account strategy and coordinating the technical activities undertaken with respect to the    European Institutions.
He has published more than 40 papers and two books on technologies related to database management, object-oriented programming, and web  technologies. 
He obtained him Bachelor of Science in clinical nutrition from UC Davis after four years, during which time he participated in several internships in different nutrition 
She has also previously been the Vermont State Representative of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners, and President of the Vermont State Nurse Practitioners' Association. 
She has more than four years of experience in the treatment of veterans and completed her internship and post-doctoral training within the VA Boston Healthcare System.
He writes regularly for the Irish Times on the Weekend Supplement as well as the Health and features section. He is also a frequent contributor in national press.
She received a BA in psychology and an MA in administrative sciences from Yale University as well as a PhD in organizational psychology from the University of Michigan.
James concentrates hers practice on complex commercial litigation, including business torts, contract disputes, employment arbitration, and security sharp disputes.
He assists clients with the formation, maintenance and dissolution of limited liability companies and corporations . He also assists with real estate matters and estate planning. 
He provides both in-person and virtual counseling and has created an audio self study program to help couples work through the five common issues that plague relationships. 
She is currently principal at Uzanto Consulting where she specializes in the combination of design and business requirements in using technology to practise user experience analysis. 
She has published articles in journals such as the Journal for the Study of the New Testament, New Testament Studies and the Catholic Biblical Quarterly.show more 
Hers experience in architectural design ranges from small to large assisted living projects, multifamily residential buildings, recreational centers for seniors and local commercial projects. 
He is well recognised in profession with many of his research works published in various professional medical journals. He has also won several awards for his work in him.
She concentrates her practice in the areas of commercial and real estate litigation and has experience in matters related to mortgage servicing and mortgage fraud civil prosecution and defense.
He focuses him practice on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, trademark prosecution and patent prosecution . Related Articles
He conducts an annual medical study abroad course to Mexico and has participated in many mission trips. He volunteers at the local indigent health clinic .
Hers research emphasizes the application and testing of game theoretic principles in understanding how business responds to asymmetric information problems. 
She focuses on complex civil business litigation    and also represents companies and individuals in investigations, prosecutions and regulatory matters nationwide. 
Dicke College of Business Administration at Ohio Northern University. His research interests include business-to-business relationships -    marketing strategy
Hers have set many important precedents in the field of legal responsibility of governmental cases, especially cases of dangerous injury caused by prisoners and mental patients.
Marc was looking for a website that would showcase hers photography and also make it easy for customers to conveniently purchase hers images via the Internet. 
Him area of interest is the English-language theatres of Malaysia and Singapore, and he has published several articles and book chapters on this subject. 
Additionally, he serves as the Chief of Interventional Pain Management at the VA New York Harbor Healthcare System in New York City. Who Should Participate 
She operates John Sisson Photography  and is also an Assistant Director of Career Services and Alumni Relations at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. 
An analysis of student data helped him to identify students with asthma, implement effective interventions, assist students with their improvement in school attendance   .
She graduated from the City University of New York.  She has an interest in teaching other health care professionals about the special needs of older adults.
Since 1974-75 her projects have won sixteen Minnesota AIA National Honor Awards, two National Honor Awards, one National Honor Award and one National Honor Architecture.
She received her B.S. & Mr. Ed. Degree in Psychology from Springfield College in Massachusetts and has additional graduate study at West Virginia University.
She provides routine tooth cleaning and treatments such as cavity fillings and whitenings. Please call an appointment for regular services during normal business hours. 
Over the past 15 years, she has performed thousands of operations, utilizing innovative and established techniques to enhance the lives of hers patients.
He earned a Master of Fine Arts degree from University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Arts from California Polytechnic State University Pomona.
He is responsible for the Business Intelligence functionality within the Maximo product lines, which includes application analysis, KPIs and reporting. 
She started mixing about four years ago and is soon to introduce new sounds & new creativity...With her new tracks will be made available to production right now
Williams teaches advanced corporate finance to undergraduates . In addition to teaching, hers research focuses on behavioral biases and market efficiency. 
She studies how both intellectual property and creative labor are shaping and being shaped by digital systems for storing   and communicating information. 
Recently, he has also been a visiting professor of psychology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and of management at City University of Hong Kong. 
She has been chairman of the Transportation Research Board’s Committee on Transportation & Air Quality since 1997. , she has published an article on environ-
She is an experienced and successful Sacramento divorce lawyer and family attorney who is committed to providing clients with the best legal representation possible.   
She is the Program Coordinator for the Master of Arts in Christian Counseling Degree Program . She teaches both graduate and undergraduate courses in counseling and psychology.
Ms . Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment, media, energy, real estate and technology industries. 
In addition to him faculty position at Villanova University he also serves as a consultant with the University Counseling Center providing counseling to students with eating disorders
She has authored over 30 international journal and conference papers, and , and her research interests include thermodynamics in the energy and power industries. 
Hers research looks at maternal mortality in Honduras in a comparison with Guatemala to examine the "historical and structural influences on maternal mortality."
She has always declined students’ attempts to friend her on Facebook because she wants to maintain a personal and professional distance from her to get from her students.
She is pleased to provide attentive and professional care to Toronto's leading edge, body contour and facial plastic surgery patients, facelifting and wellness treatments.
He combines medical and surgical training with lengthy medical interventions, blending them all to create a more natural and fresh appearance for his patients artistically.
he shares the secrets.  Tips and tricks that models learn behind the scenes from professional makeup artists, photographers and other people in the industry. 
Him research focuses on the food safety conditions in Texas childcare centers, including the behaviors, knowledge, and attitudes of foodservice workers.
Him education includes a PhD in nutrition from Tufts University and more than twenty years of nutrition-related experience in various Asian countries. 
Him research interests focus on the mechanisms of neurogenic hypertension and associated cardiovascular diseases, particularly developing novel targets for the treatment and management of those diseases. 
She is the founder of Tooth Aid Inc. which is set up to provide quality dentistry to people who otherwise would have limited access in developing countries. 
She has over 50 publications in international journals and conference proceedings on Modeling , Systems Theory , and Computer Simulation and Software Engineering.
Hers motivation has been shaped by a background in environmental science and international development along with a desire to document history and tell important stories. 
Together with her wife, Kay, Lawrence has served overseas in both the international and world professional missions and in the traditional teaching and English language teacher's training
He has specialized in Transpersonal Therapeutic techniques , has presented at various national and international conferences , and often has published in international referential journals.
As an undergraduate at Simmons College he obtained degrees in Physiology, Chemistry and Women’s Studies while engaged in a research at Harvard Medical School
She has been on the forefront of the cosmetic dental revolution for years, working on celebrity smiles and confidence concerns with the latest approaches and technologies. 
Hers board certification in Aging, Integrative and Anti Regenerative Medicine, Internal Medicine and Holistic Medicine posits her insight in... and
He has worked with a lot of celebrities and supermodels who have the desire to develop and present their portfolios to possible managements and agencies.
Gianna serves on the national board for the National Organization of Minority Architects and spends time advocating and mentoring for women and youth. 
She was formerly the Director of the Metabolic Program at Boston Children's Hospital and currently serves as an attending physician within the  program.
He private practice focuses on families and children, and about half of him clients come to him and him to address discipline issues. He lives in Philadelphia.
Since 2004 he has conducted research in both Israel and the West Bank and wrote him dissertation on land divisions and social conflicts within Israel.  
He contributes regularly to the Wisconsin Essential Diabetes Mellitus Guidelines and has provided articles and research related to diabetes for the Wisconsin Medical Society . .
