########## Predicted counterfactuals of small test texts (<= 32 tokens) using Linear Optimal Transport Steering
His research interests include material communication, international media coverage of Muslims, Islamic culture and postcolonial criticism. She can be contacted at 
His favorite memory from school was when she and her classmates had the opportunity to throw water balloons at the field day of the principal in 6th grade.
She understands that many clients are not familiar with the legal system, and will work to make them as comfortable in their experience as possible. Firm Information 
He has experience in all areas of project finance and has been instrumental in the successful closure of projects that offer a fully economic outlook for all projects. More
Her practice involves defending general liability, liquor liability, product liability, construction liability, and other liability lawsuits. . . and representing parties.
He has published extensively on breast cancer diagnosis, treatment, risk and management, and breast cancer care, and she is the author of more than 250 articles.
Professor Henderson has been acting both on stage and on screen since 1985. He is also the founder of Performing Arts for Social Change at Cornell University. 
Previously she was a software architect working for Microsoft and ISV customers in their enterprise, designing and defining architecture for their top tier solutions.
She regularly takes part in additional training in Continuing Education and has obtained his Certificate of Adult Weight Management from the American Association of Dietary Trainings.
Prior to that, she attended University of Wisconsin and University of Southern Illinois Medical School and completed internship at the University of California and residency at the Medical School.
Her research and management efforts focus on extension of forests and riparian areas with a particular concentration on the interaction of fire within these systems. 
He implements science-based technology-based inquiry learning curricula in high schools across the country demonstrating significant student gains through professional development programs.
She has previously worked for the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and has prepared submissions on the FoFA reforms for consumer groups and their securities. 
Her areas of expertise are gerontology, social/community psychology and public policy and education. He currently serves as chair of the National Coalition of Consumer
He received his PhD from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and completed her pediatric psychology internship and fellowship training at Brown Medical School. 
Joani earned his Master of Music Education degree from Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana and currently a candidate for his doctoral degree at Boston University. 
He has received funding from a number of leading professional accounting bodies for research in sustainability accounting and reporting and publishes in academic and accounting journals. Partners
He has been a developer in the industry for 12 years and has worked on both small and enterprise scale projects with thick and thin client front ends. 
He has counseled patients in cardiac rehabilitation clinics for over seven years and in the past years he has taught heart-healthy cooking classes.
He specializes in tax preparation and serves individuals and small businesses. Her office calls for information on her practice and for scheduling or appointment with a special.
He provides many key insights into adopting an attitude of abundance and provies for the listener to complete specific tasks at the end of each lesson.
Her research interests cover physics education, distance learning and material science. His work has been published in both local and international journals.Advanced
His research and teaching interests are in the areas of physical properties of food and processing engineering (dairy engineering, food safety and related items). A more
His research on intercultural competence and how individuals and teams can work effectively across cultures gives her unique insight in ways of dealing with cultural disparity. 
His primary areas of focus are community rehabilitation and correctional corrections. She has published several articles and book chapters on these issues and has done many publications.
She teaches the fundamental principles of perception and anatomical architecture for constructing and interpreting images that accurately portray the real movement of the human figure.
He received her BA in Mathematics Education from Mercyhurst College in Eric, Pennsylvania, and her PhD in Mathematics from the University of South Carolina, Tri Carolina.
Throughout her career he has held numerous professorship and medical director positions in both Tennessee and Georgia. She has 1 daughter and 2 granddaughters
Her essay will be particularly relevant to readers interested in democratization, in relationships between media and politics, and in postsocialism movements and others.
He originally wrote this story for her daughter when she was in the second grade. Susan decided to publish it years later after the birth of her granddaughter. 
He has done a report that looks at some issues, including assistance programs, he says that African-American business ownership needs to be streamlined.
He received his undergraduate degree in History and Geography from the University of California at Berkeley and her master's degree in Teaching from the University of Chicago.
She has won numerous awards for her reporting over the last 20 years, including first place for the coverage provided by the Wisconsin Newspaper Association for business in 2011. 
He/She will be present every day to ensure that the running of the camp goes smoothly, and will help coordinate the activities of the camp counselor and supervisor
Jackson School of International Studies at the University of Washington. His research, writing, and teaching focus on Indian politics and the political economy of development  
Her interests include Native American rhetoric, writing technologies, history of writing, and composition and composition pedagogies. Writing Studies and Compositions 
He has experience developing Web applications with Reusable Dialog Components. He recently joined the Voice Toolkit development team. Creating Voice Applications and 
Currently she is the Medical Director of the Arthur and Helen E. Johnson Depression Center and the Behavioral Health Director for the HIV Clinic at University Hospital.
She has been responsible for accountancy training to a variety of organisations, ranging from small businesses to quoted organisations, including open courses at larger institutions.
With over 15 years of software development and consulting experience, she has a proven track record in translating technical and functional requirements into business realization  .
With several schools under her belt. He has a strong background in fine arts and utilizes that knowledge and experience in many of his photographic endeavors.
She spent her early career in insurance litigation and defense work, followed by 10 years as general counsel for a' national real estate investment trust.
Her profiles of conservatory faculty members retiring in 2011 will appear in the upcoming issue of Oberlin Conservatory magazine . In this article, comments 
He works at the National Academy for Parenting Research where he leads a research team that examines programmes shown in the Commissioning Toolkit and More
He has taught several aspects of business management in the vocational system for many years, and has written five books certifying all successful small business management. 
She says the athletic departments at schools where women athletes have been accused of sexual assault are likely to prevail, if women are vulnerable to similar suits. 
In his former private law practice, through which she advised clients, he litigated extensive litigation work pertaining to business law and sexual harassment issues. 
She is currently employed as a Youth Development Officer with the National Youth Information Trust, the main civil society organisation operating in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. 
Her strategies are considered a model for others in the newspaper publishing business who are contemplating the complexities of publishing in cross-media media." 
She is a retired Chair of the Education Committee for the Mental Health Professional Group of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine. American Fertility Association of
Brown graduated before standardized patients were used, and she knows he would have helped them feel more comfortable interacting with the patients than they had .
She is a licensed clinical psychologist with expertise in the area of parenting interventions and in the development of eating disorders in the context of disordered eating.
Lewis School of Nursing at Georgia State University. He has conducted and published several articles, and her research has funded work on the identification and prevention elder abuse.
His extensive travels and projects inform the varied life and culture of both architecture and herself. She often stays in Paris to enjoy her food and wine. 
Over the years, people have been converting their travelling time into learning time by listening to his motivational speeches through mobiles and iPods. 
He has experience representing clients in complex civil and constitutional litigation in federal and state courts, election law and appeals, and political and in-law matters.
East End Arts director Pat Snyder approached him at his cabinet hearing about the school when they were looking to lease space in the area to downtown Riverhead.
His research focuses on linking functional traits of plants with evolutionary history of their current ecological processes in order to understand the organization of plant biodiversity and its consequences.
His songs/arrangements are being used in churches across America every Sunday and have proven to be very effective in touching the hearts and lives of others!
His teaching and research focuses on program evaluation and coordination of nonprofit management, and she is also the Graduate Certificate in Nonprofit Management and the Graduate Program.
Her research focuses on how government agencies, stakeholder groups, and the public can use collaborative strategies and practices to help improve policy and develop democratic outcomes.
She is a parent of two students in the Rochester City School District and an active member of the Community Education Task Force and founding community organizer. 
His research interests include the study of transgression and discipline in contemporary popular culture with a particular emphasis on the prison system, dark culture and tourism. 
She has decades of experience performing successful cosmetic surgeries and reconstructive surgeries and his reputation among patients and peers is unmatched by any other cosmetics. 
His research interests involve investigating and characterizing the reaction mechanism of metabolic enzymes essential for cellular functions involving enzymes such as  protein turnover.
Kate and his team have an unexpected camping adventure and gain an even better understanding of how local people live when they get stuck in the middle of nowhere. 
She has created a number of practical resources to help photographers learn Engagement Photography, as well as information to help photographers and photographers about Beginning Learning Wedding Photography.
She provides high-profile legal advice to a wide array of pharmaceutical companies both locally and internationally as well as to many world-leading IP owners. 
He specializes in Middle East and Ottoman history. He has published articles in Arab and Turkish Studies journals such as the Journal of the East. 
Dr. Hopkins attended University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, where she received her dental degree, and completed a residency at Oklahoma University. 
He received his Ph.D. from University of Tennessee in Knoxville, Tennessee. Her research interests include Human Resource Management, and Health Care Administration. 
She has been training in gyms and at home for over 10 years and has had tremendous success in helping people lose weight and achieve the bodies they want.
Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. His research interests include theoretical and empirical research into the industrial organization, especially those related to the regulation .
He is currently licensed to practice medicine in California. He is affiliated with San Gorgonio Memorial Hospital and Moreno Valley Community Hospital . 
She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Cincinnati in Georgia. He received his graduate degree in nursing from Emory University, University of Cincinnati. 
He was an SEIU activist at La Clinica before becoming its medical director and then medical director for the 535 Community Health Network and the Local Center.
Her interests include early development of math skills, intervention and consultation, academic efficiency, generalizations to intervention and related maintenance and components.
A frequent speaker for Adobe and Pictage, she has been featured in publications such as Rangefinder, Professional Photographer and American Photo.A feature about more
Her research interests include human-environmental interactions, environmental sustainability, urbanity and the impacts of urbanization and urban climate. Print-for-print version
She was an investigative reporter for the San Francisco Examiner and San Francisco Chronicle and has won the George Polk Award and other journalism honors and honor.
Her work has been published in the Greenwood Review of African American Studies, African American Review, and the Canadian English Encyclopedia of African American Folklore.
She received a BS in psychology from Illinois State University and a PhD in counseling and clinical psychology and an MS in psychology from Michigan State University.
Her research interests include spoken dialogue, speech and health analytics, and biomedical and artificial intelligence in general and artificial intelligences. Expanded sections include
She taught history in Montreal for the last decade before returning to the United States. She is the author of one book about the American Revolution as well. 
He has been teaching at RIT since 2006 and was previously the Product Design and Development Engineer for Toyota, General Motors and Delphi for Materials Design. 
Her practice primarily involves representing individuals who have been injured at work, and representing individuals who have been injured as result of the fault of others. 
She received his PhD in clinical psychology from the University of Wisconsin and completed his clinical psychology internship at the University of Iowa School of Medicine  .
She has a particular expertise in understanding how youth grasp, consume, and are impacted by technology and media inside and outside of the classroom. 
Her public policy focus is on the domestic and international law of the U.S. Constitution, and the relationship between terrorism and domestic law within it.
She is passionate about writing for the forensic assessment, forensic psychology and stress and anxiety counselling concept to help society overcome and be life free. 
His rather sophisticated profession has actually been devoted to the follow-on Family Regulation with an emphasis on full asset division and even formal military divorc
She was introduced to the color science and has been training and teaching in color management and support for others in the color printing industry for 14 years. 
Her work is often actively involved in community and cultural affairs. He often references the art and traditions of Arabic, African, Egyptian and other cultures of .
She received the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for articles exposing corruption in the entertainment industry. He lives in Southern California with her wife and two children. 
He has also recently branched into specialist and creative furniture restoration – and her pieces can be seen in galleries and stores around Sydney. Read more 
His research and consulting focus on U.S. and international policy issues of information technology, data privacy, corporate best practices, and information regulation and industry.
She is widely considered a potential future replacement for CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather when Rather steps down from the anchor desk in March 2005.
Mr. Ng has had extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and successful commissioning and financing in the solar energy sector. 
He devotes a large number of his practice to legal help to immigrants in the community, and has successfully represented free asylum applicants in numerous areas. 
She has worked on applications throughout her career ranging from speech recognition systems to web applications and work. Andy is the technical architect of Laika.
He teaches undergraduate and graduate special education courses. His research interests include education and literacy issues of diverse populations.    Back to top
She also has expertise in helping women recover from a variety of disorders including depression, anxiety, and improve relationships and cope with problems with sexual health. 
He has worked at school and history level with Oxford University Press on developing History and English curriculum resources for the Australian Curriculum. Big Ideas Book 7: Australian Curriculum
She travels the world capturing people and their homes, in addition to working on his own photographic projects on behalf of the major photographic and publishing houses.
His area of expertise is the development of civic spaces that serve the needs of performance-centered communities at the intersection of architecture, urbanism and weaving.
His shorts have screened internationally in renowned film festivals including the Cannes Film Festival, Los Angeles Film Festival, Edinburgh Short Film Festival and Film Fest.
She currently serves on the board of the Arizona Environmental Conservation Quality Commission and is a member of the Phoenix Voters League of Phoenix Education and Conservation Fund.
He has litigated cases in diverse legal areas including labor and employment law, tort and governmental matters, municipal law, insurance coverage and criminal liability. 
Her research interests include teacher and research publications as well as reflection and the relationship between language learning and the process of autonomy in education and authorship research. 
She will develop a comprehensive system for evaluating the clinical skills of residents based on direct observation and explore the validity of such a system. 
She recently traveled to Denmark to explore new sustainable energy practices as a member of The North Carolina Center for International Understanding. He is in the International Geographic Alliance
His precise blending of the highly personal with the universal seems to allow her to be convincingly able to embody any perspective that is immediately desired.
She is interested in the use of interactive and dynamic mathematical learning technologies to support mathematical modeling in preservice and in school teacher development in mathematics education. In her
He received the Distinguished Service Award for outstanding service to the American Association of State Colleges of Agriculture and Renewable Resources.
Her innovative knowledge of surgical and non-surgical techniques and skills help the most keen individuals to achieve their latest cosmetic and reconstructive surgery aesthetics goals individually.
He uses a holistic approach to explain what services each client qualifies for and thoroughly determines the options that take his clients time to qualify for.
She has more than two decades of experience in New York City tax policy, extensive knowledge of data analysis, and system design and database system development. 
Her interests include postsecondary challenges of career readiness, supervision of school counselors, and the consideration of under-represented populations. Teaching Interests: 
Her research interests focus on professional school counselor advocacy competence and the use of strengths in approaches being used by school counselors to help students from diverse education backgrounds.
He is recognised in the fitness industry for her extensive knowledge and experience in more than 10 years of transforming the lives, bodies and health of clients. 
He has served as a financial manager to a large nonprofit organization and presents courses on managing personal and organizational finances and the less of. See 
She has an ongoing intellectual commitment to the landscapes and communities of the northern Rio Grande where he has directed archaeological fieldwork every summer . .
She has 25 years of professional experience in intelligent transportation and sustainable transportation systems, intelligent transportation and operations, and traffic simulation, modeling, and transportation safety. 
She has extensive experience with historic renovations, single and multi-family residential and commercial projects, and with adaptive reuse of historic residential and institutional design. 
She likewise serves as the Director of Prison Extension Programs in six prisons in southeastern states overseeing prison extension education and maximum security education.
Eric has had much experience with the application design process. She will be holding discussions with Chris Bernard. Eric has discussed the ways to develop enhanced user experiences.
He has taught a number of classes that help to create middle level teachers. Key Research Interests: A partnership to facilitate the creation of improving mathematics achievement
She is approachable and has a willingness to share his knowledge and experience with his own work and examples through her own portfolio and opportunity to learn.” 
His primary research interests are in the areas of data privacy and security in distributed computing environments with a specific interest in the protection of privacy and security by trust
She is involved in various AIX virtualization efforts and initiatives within IBM including virtual appliances, cloud computing, and the management of its lifecycle virtualization.
His special areas of interest include healthy lifestyles, health promotion and disease prevention, pediatric and adolescent health concerns and chronic condition management.
With 26 years of federal service, he retired in 1993 as deputy undersecretary of defense and director of the  Defense Technology Security Administration 
She is currently serving as the special advisor to the Provost and associate director of the Center for Advanced Study of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education. 
Her years of research into the human nervous system and the brain lead to the discovery of a spinal cord cooling process used by almost all medical institutions today.
She and her colleagues recently published a study online in the Journal in Health Care Quality the week highlighting the major shortcomings in how patients are tracked after treatment
He has been called upon to investigate on-going complaints in the educational arena as well as analyze the efficacy of investigations conducted by districts. 
She has taken photos of horses involved in numerous equestrian events and competitions throughout the world including dressage, eventing and show jumping. 
She is currently studying an MFA in philosophy and architecture at the University of Melbourne. He also holds a degree in poetry from the University of Massachusetts.
He has over 18 years of experience in photography. Christy Forrester Photography has received approximately 30 profile views in the past three months. Photo Service 
He was previously a social worker in the statutory sector and has explored developments in practice in a number of publications in field and residential settings. 
With a strong background in early childhood education as well as formal education qualifications with a Masters Degree in Childhood Education, Special Education, CLICK, 
Nicole Benson has been helping individuals to capture special moments over the last three years. Nicole established himself after completing his apprenticeship with another established photographer. 
His studio is located in the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and it is this landscape that is the perfect source of inspiration for much of his mixed media work.
Her college student short documentary Family Story was officially selected by China Independent Film Festival in 2013 and Chinese Documentary Film Festival in 2013.   
She has been awarded the 1996 Samuel Litman Distinguished Professor Award in Engineering and the 1998 Joseph M. Biedenbach Distinguished Service Award. 
His interest in statistics stems from her desire to use mathematical thinking and concepts to aid investigations of issues that are found in social education, policy and education.
He also provides psychological assessment for refugee populations. She is familiar with developmental disability and can also provide documentation on psychological testing for a Social Security application.
She is specifically interested in assessing educational approaches to identify the most efficient ways to meet a variety of student learning needs in higher education. 
Hernandez uses this relationship to encourage character development in his students while trying to challenge them academically through     differentiated instruction.
His research interests include the use of young adult literature in middle school and secondary programs, and vocabulary development of    in older learners.
Her researches on geomorphology and risks in international geography, explains his participation in disaster prevention programs, in Europe and in Asia. 
Her expertise includes disaster and crisis management, network vulnerability analysis, energy and social justice policy, resilience assessment, environmental governance, and environmental based knowledge analysis.
She is currently working on pre-production for an upcoming web series and will also be volunteering at the Philadelphia International Animation Film Festival from September 27-30.
She is a working party member of the Complementary and Integrated Therapies Interest Group established by the Clinical Oncological Association of Australia. 
His research emphasizes conservation biology with a study of wildlife population changes as a result of habitat degradation and fragmentation. See the announcement, but 
He received his Master of Science degree in Dietetics from Case Western Reserve University and completed her Medical Nutrition internship at Case University Hospitals Medical Center.
When he’s not taking poetic photographs, he studies Biological Conservation and Environmental Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Burke began his investigation into the history of Storer College as part of his doctoral research at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. 
She is also a Functional Medicine Practitioner, working to help people suffering from chronic illness and chronic pain by learning how to get relief and become healthy again.
He has chronicled the 2002 Soccer World Cup and the Tour de France and has contributed to numerous French magazines and newspapers, including her publication, Liberation.
She is also the Information Systems Librarian which encompasses various Library Services, Information Systems, search and discovery repositories and related data systems.
Her research focuses on intergovernmental relations in Canadian social policy, as well as on the politics and economic development strategies of social relations in Ontario and Quebec.
the site lists several hundred compositutons and for forthcoming and past performances. Her work is varied and offers information on many recordings and performances.
He is the associate dean for academic affairs and the post-professional degrees and the director of the program for strategic initiatives in architecture and higher education. 
She is also an expert in PR and reputation management and offers the following comments on the steps that Rupert Murdoch should take in managing his reputation.
She produces films that expose and deal with the ways in which everyday people confront the cultural friction in Israel and the strategies they employ to deal with it ...
He graduated from Oklahoma State University where he completed his doctorate in computer science. Her interests include high performance computing and computational intelligence, especially computational intelligence.
She also maintains an active estate planning and income tax planning practice for individuals and couples to hold to preserve their future generations... Read more about 
Her practice focuses on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, patent litigation and trademark prosecution. Good to say that, 
She is chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery and medical director of University Medical Center at Rush University Neurosurgery in Chicago, Illinois. 
Her architecture training gives her the unique perspective of seeing the environment as a landscape from within. Other products from within the environment include: Josh Jakus
His practice area involves errors in credit reports, debt repossessions, unlawful collection practices, unfair lending practices on automobiles, and student loan practices. 
He is the convenor of the School of Education’s Science and Mathematics Research Center and Director of the Research and Learning Cluster for Transformational Games. 
Her research interests include the foundations of information representation and expression in documents and resources and the encoding and description of issues in digital information and resources.
She believes in opening up communication and understanding to destructive patterns that can potentially be broken by partners, to foster growth and change within yourself or within each other.
His commitment to excellence comes from her extensive academic training, a passion for patient care and a strong sense of restoring form and function. 
His research focuses on the intersection between health care and justice agencies. He also collaborates with federal agencies on large-scale data collection projects mainly.
She joined the Institute in September 2013 and litigates cases promoting economic liberty, free speech and property rights in federal and state court and in public law.
Before heading into the book industry she worked in the field of serial journalism and discovered a passion for Russian literature. A winker and an optimist.
She is a conference interpreter and published translator primarily in the areas of court and corporate law, information and communications, and advanced technologies and technologies.
Sam is a former high school science teacher who is passionate about creating and promoting positive information to make his images and behaviors accessible to the healthy public.
She was the founding Executive Director of DesignSingapore Council, the government agency responsible for Promoting and integrating development of Singapore 
Her most recent experience involved working on a school-based research model that promoted collaborations between researchers and educators/researchers/prottors.
She has over 20 years of experience as a Human Sexuality educator and consultant, lecturing, publishing articles and holding workshops throughout the country  
His main area of interest is information security with her focus on end-user behaviors. He has studied information security with professional values like ...  
She works primarily with representatives of insurance companies, including members of the insurance litigation staff and civil defense attorneys, providing claims defense and other civil law services.
She has evaluated over seven hundred incarcerated individuals. With her background, he is uniquely qualified to integrate behavioral health information with general medical information.
His work includes numerous photoshoots and promotional projects for fashion photographers, and is also available for print shoots and promotional events with fashion internationally.
His research explores dimensions of participation in popular performance, with a particular focus on artistry, teaching practice and reflective practice placemaking .
Her practice focuses on the buying, selling and financing of businesses and business relationships, as well as operational issues, strategic matters and governance among others. 
Dr. Taylor was named a Member of the Order of Canada for her humanitarian contributions to improving medical care and surgical services in the developing world .
She is an award winning researcher in a special area of research focused on corporate finance and venture capital finance . . . in prive
She has represented plaintiffs and defendants in a wide variety of complex commercial litigation matters across the country in the federal and state courts and in courts.
He is also a Florida Certified Public Accountant, which allows it to bring an exceptional background in business and family planning to her practice as well. 
She works for an independent production company called Highertribe Productions and spends most of her days coordinating the Screenwriting Center at Columbia College .
Her aim and vision is to create beautiful smiles and promote good interpersonal relationships with every patient whilst maximising the proper care of oral health care.
After retiring from KPMG at the end of 2011 she spent two years in Canada working on the development of international public sector accounting standards  .
Dr. Dangerfield received her undergraduate degree in Medical Biochemistry from the University of Utah and his education at Wayne State University . . .
Her research in the cognitive science of language draws on behavioral and computational modeling experiments to inform theories on language production, behavior, perception, and acquisition. 
She also holds a Certificate of Proficiency in the Treatment of Alcohol Use and Other Psychoactive Disorders from the American Psychological Association." 
His clinical experience is in medical speech pathology, specializing in rehabilitation of adults with neurological, cognitive, and communication disorders such as swallowing. 
Her main fields of research and teaching are the history of political parties, the history of journalism and comparative journalism and the history of European political systems. 
Frank L. Burg is a certified safety professional and registered occupational safety engineer who has written about her life's health and safety and has made professional safety
Mr. McClain has been actively working in environmental law for some years, and is a former Enforcement Attorney with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency. 
A decade of focusing on big ideas works on alternate career paths that show her influence and implementation as a platform to work across the world at once.
Dole Veterans Affairs Medical Center. He received his medical degree from University of Kansas School of Medicine and has been in practice for 29 years.  
Writing has been a natural extension of her professional work as well. Writing stories for children seems to be a long and almost lifelong interest of his
She currently enrolled at the University College London studying human sciences in the London area. He currently writes for a local independent journal which she writes regularly.
He is editor of travel and lifestyle website LiveShareTravel, which continues to feature inspirational writers and industry professionals exploring each corner of the globe. 
He received his PhD in Social Psychology from the University of Miami. Her research examines motivational cognition and emotional states and how they influence behavior. 
Her private practice involves a range of different psychological services including counselling and psychotherapy for individuals and couples who are struggling with various personal and interpersonal difficulties. 
He previously practiced civil rights litigation at the Center for Reproductive Rights in New York, and served as a California deputy attorney general. All Work 
Petersburg and beyond. His clients consistently appreciate her unique style and her ability to capture bold, graphic images in natural, still-life and solid light. 
With extensive experience in corrective exercise, she worked with physical therapists to develop progressive exercise programs aimed at a wide variety of patients. 
Her research focuses on developing assessment tools for nutrition education, especially for low-income people and minorities with   who have diabetes .
Among her clients are top celebrities and people from the world of fashion, but also industrial designers and advertisers willing to provide quality images of their products. 
He has been practicing Interior Design for 14 years. His work has been published in a variety of Cleveland, Ohio area magazines and trade publications so far.
She is an assistant professor of film and media arts at Maryland Institute for the Arts in Philadelphia and the filmmaker in residence at Temple University in Baltimore, Maryland.
He also has his Massage Therapy license from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for pre- and post-Massive sporting training utilizing traditional Swedish techniques of relaxation. Each
He encourages students to learn from contemporary artists to explore their artistic values and creative practices as well as incorporating them into their own creation. Spirit Away
She was quickly sent on assignment by Dalmas arriving at the Orly airport where he was supposed to photograph the stars of the world in the French capital
Though not professionally related to this field, he had clear idea of the causes of heart disease as well as how to cure different kinds of diseases. 
His broad counseling and litigation practice focuses on government and enforcement, antitrust litigation, white collar defense, and complex commercial and inter-commercial disputes. 
She has been writing and working in the area of multicultural counseling for over 20 years and has extensively researched on multiple-heritage counseling of clients. 
Warner is the chief foreign correspondent and he primarily covers South Asian, Chinese, Russian and civil liberties politics and other information. As of 2015 
He said people with mobility and vision disabilities told him about access barriers on the sidewalks and park-and-ride facilities maintained by Caltrans. 
He has written and taught for newspapers, magazines, and websites covering minorities in the media and taught courses around the country as an adjunct professor in media ethics
His research concerns how members of different groups approach one another, and how differences in status and experience affects group contact and cross-group relations. 
He combines her professional teaching activities with participation at the Catholic University of Valencia and has made several articles and papers for international journals and has appeared in conferences.
He develops UNIX releases for products designed to help software vendors control how their applications are deployed and used. This article represents her views only. 
He photographs for the international media, NGO's and corporate media consultancy and undertakes training and engagement for many clients. For more information please contact 
His professional experience includes assisting children, adolescents, and adults through a variety of sexual, mental, and emotional health challenges.   
He specialises in United States politics, eastern Europe issues and corporate responsibility issues. Her work has appeared regularly in the magazine Ethical Corporation  
His primary areas of research are structural effects of residential wind structures and stochastic modeling on extremes of wind resistance and surrounding winds. Articles authored
He has been involved in several high profile cases including traveling to Cuba and Puerto Rico and testifies frequently in criminal and civil cases throughout New York State. 
Her technically rich and spiritually engaging works take their place as a unique voice that unites Western and Eastern influences that have crossed many boundaries. 
His teaching and research focus on how knowledge and awareness about race and culture impact on individuals and organizations to build models and approaches to enhance cultural competence and develop.
He holds an undergraduate degree in exceptional childhood education and a master’s degree in education, instructional design and advanced technology. (See her blog for 
Specializing in progressive architectural design focused on healing the environment and green building construction is his way of improving the lives of everyone in the landscapes...The More
He is primarily interested in the movement of light in city centers, living at night and capturing the movement of the different colors in daily life. 
She offers full service accounting, tax and business consulting services. He is located in Saint George, UT servicing southern Utah and the rest of inner Utah.
She specializes in assignment, stock and fine art photography for a variety of editorial needs including annual reports in university publications, magazines and photo school publications.
She launched the First Seminar for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery in 1995, and thereafter founded the National Association for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery with the National Association.
She continued his professional education at Louisiana State University Dental School located in New Orleans, Louisiana, earning a doctorate in general dentistry. More information about 
She has conducted interviews with over half a million people. Andrew regularly presents papers at international conferences and is currently the director of his own research company. 
She was formerly Head of Architecture and Design at a metropolitan authority responsible for the briefing and procurement of a large capital programme.  
He began his career as an extreme sports and action photographer, studying photography and landscape photography before diversifying into work with people and advertising in Zurich. 
His experience as one of the product development team's leading experts makes her uniquely qualified to answer nutrition and diet-related questions about HMR food options.
Miller’s photography has been published in international, national, regional and online print publications. She has won numerous awards and awards including an honorable mention.
His photography was phenomenal. Very professional and well captured. Anyone would be extremely lucky to have a photographer with Sandi moments. Her photos are thoroughly read
She is frequently asked to handle challenging cases involving children or consumer products, particularly those involving serious injuries to others and/or to more fatal cases.
She has been a part of research projects involving urban poor and has a good understanding of their healthcare needs and of the healthcare delivery process. 
He represents numerous high-profile clients, both state and federal, and has substantial experience defending state prosecutions from initial investigation and through appeals. 
He is a freelance photographer and is available for local shoots and hires. Contact her whenever possible. Any travel is required for information regarding rates.
She also works closely with her partner to provide creative, personal wedding photography for couples looking to reportage their weddings in the modern style. /
Licensed to practice law in North Carolina, he also serves on the North Carolina Outward Bound School Safety Committee and speaks regularly at outdoor conferences.
She handles the issues of residential and commercial real estate law. Legal counsel and representation are offered for issues related to real estate transactions and real estate related issues.
His practice includes intellectual property and information technology law as well as providing estate planning services for individuals who wish to comply with both Illinois law and Islamic law. 
She received his degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University Law College. Lawrence writes a regular column in "The New York Journal" on contract drafting.
Dr. Everson earned his Doctor of Psychology from the Illinois School of Professional Psychology and He specializes in adult psychotherapy at the Main Center in Springfield.
Steve’s broad experience in the insurance arena provides her with the insight necessary to handle all types of claims based on the various types of policies. 
She has been involved in nutrition and metabolism studies in Malawi for the past 9 years, and has served as the principal investigator for RUTF research there.
Her research on Brazilian transnational migration processes and Brazilian geography has been published in various Brazilian academic journals and books and in several U.S.-bound.
He is licensed to practice law in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and she has extensive experience handling traumatic and complex personal injury matters in these and other states.
She works to produce predictive models related to cellular and molecular biology through the use of tools and methods in engineering and development of physical sciences. 
She brings to team experience in the operational management, IT, project evaluation and business administration in the mining and hospitality sectors during the last 15 years in her.
Her teaching interests include clinical psychopathology, cognitive and behavioral therapy and adult interventions with children, adolescents and young adolescents. 
His practice focuses on complex civil litigation, intellectual property matters and internal investigations     for high technology companies in Silicon Valley.
She writes for the American Chronicle and is an International Advocate with the non-profit organization, International Advocates for the Coalition of People, Inc. 
She told the Aspen Daily that he believes that the FBI would not be concentrating on marijuana concentrates found at federal agencies like the Aspen airport
Her research interests include analytic and empirical work and associated workplace expertise, and human communication to support the design and evaluation of coordinated work and communication methods.
She serves as the Director of the University of Michigan Headache and Neuropathic Pain Medicine Program and the Headache Fellowship Program for the Headache Training.
His health law practice includes advising clients on federal regulatory and compliance issues and defending clients before professional boards. Shannon has experience in the following areas of law
Falling in love with a shy photojournalist named Normani Hamilton temporarily takes things into his mind to worry off the dark circumstances surrounding his relationship.
She has over 14 years of experience in database application development using different technologies (Java and 4GLs) as well as technologies for Microsoft and Eclipse.
Among the people she works with are people who are interested in coping with chronic health conditions and people working with long-term learning strategies for weight management
She is available in all types of locations for his studio photography including professional and product photography and studio location photography as well as industrial photo and photo studio photography.
She is currently writing and documenting on rebuilding infrastructure, health care and education, which have proved essential to the many needs and care of South Sudan.
Her writings express well the observations that are commonly made by physicians about the world in which they live and work which is dominated by managed care. 
His area of expertise is industrial production methods. His professional activities include membership in the Association of Technology’s Applied Engineering & Management Group. 
Among her biggest stories were witnessing and reporting on the execution of serial killer Aileen Wuornos and covering the Trull brothers murder trial.
She practices preventative medicine in both acute and chronic conditions of people of all ages. His goal is to help his patients achieve management and op
He specializes in creative portraiture of children and couples! This ZestyShop is his creative outlet for mixing little vintage things with great photography! 
His research focuses on epidemiology of respiratory and gastrointestinal viral infections, especially those associated with  norovirus and  influenza viruses. 
Her research centers on entrepreneurial motivation and decision-making with a particular interest in the factors that affect entrepreneurial persistence and decision-making and their resilience. 
He completed her orthopedic surgery residency program at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago, and holds a Doctor of Medicine from Georgetown University. Publications 
Dr. Rerko completed her orthopedic residency program at The Ohio State University and fellowship training at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. ... More 
He is especially adept at making anxious patients feel comfortable, and welcomes anxious people of all ages and with any special needs in her practice. 
She provides psychotherapy and mental health services to separated and divorced parents. She also consults with attorneys and other professionals for help. | | Home 
He has been a faculty member at Wheelock since 1993 and has taught courses in both the Language and Literacy Department and in the Elementary Education Department.
His background includes experience in tax reporting, financial reporting, business forecasting, budgeting, planning and management, accounting, and staff and administration consulting. 
she focuses on outdoor – street and adventure photography – across the world. She loves to photograph and photojournalise and also shoots.
He and some others at Methodist are working to make sure patients and families like her at the new Methodist Hospice Residence are surrounded by love and light. 
Her energetic and playful images have become a favourite with advertising agencies and clients alike. In addition to moving images, she is also able offer photography.
His articles have appeared in Comparative Politics, Political Science Quarterly, the Journal of European and International Relations, and in many of her contributed volumes.
His office provides a full range of general and restorative dentistry services, ranging from crown cleaning to tooth repair and broken tooth insertion. 
Her passion is the available photography, so in particular light photography and street photography, photographing people in the low light conditions.
Her article on aging and hardship among kids has been named in the outstanding papers in the life course and aging section from the American Sociological Association.
Her fascination with nature led him to specialize in wildlife and nature photography. He lives and works in the Southwestern RI and on Block Island in the West
As a Communities In Schools site coordinator, he gets to fulfill his passion to help bring the children of the classroom to near and beyond success. 
She is active in case studies focused on opportunities identification, entrepreneurship development, entrepreneurial finance and model management. Here he presents interviews with many prominent speakers 
She works with a range of clients including both private and small commercial businesses and specialises in creating cohesive lighting solutions encompassing solely consumer designs. 
She participated in projects related to data analysis. His research interests include applications of game theory to inventory management, data management, and queueing networks . 
Her research interests include developing physicians’, nurses’, and consumers’ behavioral and cognitive models of health information and interactions with health-related information technology .
She received her law degree from DePaul University in Chicago and her undergraduate degree from the University of Albion in Michigan. Directly, from the Telephone
Cecil dedicates his practice to representing people who have been injured through the negligence or intentional misconduct of others, including people in her businesses .
She is currently the Director of the Idaho Drug Information Service , which provides free health care information to consumers and health care professionals across the United States. 
Professor Vacca has written numerous articles on intellectual property issues and has taught a variety of intellectual property courses and presented her research throughout the United States. 
Ann attained his doctoral degree in Counseling from the University of Georgia and his master's degree in Clinical Psychology from Augusta State University .
She supports a salary for City Council members but thinks citizens might be unwilling to agree to additional costs despite the poor state of the economy. 
She has written three reports for the New South Wales Electoral Commission, including one on the regulation of the funding of local government election campaigns. 
His research focuses on interconnections between digital culture and technology, and popular music and gender. His work has been published primarily in journals such Canadian
He strives to provide unparalleled personal service and to apply her expertise and experience to solve problems with innovative thinking . . . Perry firmly 
This year, she will also be lecturing on K-12 Technology Integration with the Department of Education as an adjunct. Other topics offered by David Hobbs 
He focuses his practice on litigation. He earned her undergraduate degree and law degree from the University of Virginia. Back on the Board of Governors List 
He has published many articles in corporate magazines in Brazil and Spain and in the United States, and has worked as a social responsibility consultant in Brazil. 
She lives and works in Milan among many other places, photographing people, spaces and innocent objects, as well as making interesting and interesting everyday life photographs 
Stephanie does a lot of research into the development of children with Down syndrome and then shares part of his research with parents and professionals around the world. 
His work has been published in the Journal of Business, the Journal of Economic Development, the Journal of Banking and Finance Economics and the European Economic Review. 
Her background ranges from the development of software and storage solutions for geosynchronous satellites and other locations to the development and architecture of virtualization and storage.
He has taught at several universities in the United States and abroad, and has published three books on accounting and over 30 articles in professional journals. See less 
Specializing in bankruptcy and workers' compensation, Attorney Fisher always does her best to protect her clients' rights and interests and to represent their clients accurately. 
She graduated from the University of Georgia in 2004 with a doctoral degree in social science education and the Interdisciplinary Studies Graduate Qualitative Certificate. 
He teaches scenic painting, theatre graphics and scene design and supervises scenic painting and properties for all department productions up to  production.
She is director of teacher training at a college and oversees the education of the school in his capacity as Vice-President of the German Basketball Association
His areas of specialization are modern peninsular literature and analysis, gender studies, comparative linguistics, narrative theory and critical discourse studies .
He runs professional seminars and supervises the Minded Institute training and a six-week course in Yoga Therapy at the North London practice of Prof.
If it were common practice in these particular circumstances he would not have been well aware of the fact and would have expressed views as she did in it.
He has been an inspiration to her patients and has mentored young psychologists over the years, helping them to develop and obtain successful private practices. 
She has been representing both individuals and companies throughout Oklahoma for more than 12 years in both commercial and family law matters and in Oklahoma complex commercial litigation and cases.
Her research examines issues of identification, anonymity, and communication technology use primarily in the workplace and in work involving various collaborating groups. 
She specializes in working with couples and cross-cultural relationships and has extensive teaching experience that teaches posttraumatic stress, therapeutic trauma therapy.
Her primary research interests are in the area of comparative discourse studies, glocalization and multilingual media communications in the Greater China region. 
Ms. Harrison practices Emergency Medicine in Charlotte, NC. Mrs. Harrison is affiliated with Novant Health and Care Center and specializes in Presbyterian Medicine.
His legal practice focuses on worldwide brand protection and related legal matters and on developing and implementing programs to combat online infringement involving counterfeiting. 
He specializes in the application and implementation of data. This article explores the ongoing evolution of master data management (MDM) procedures at Intel. 
He has been with the clinic since it opened its doors in 2005 when she assisted owner Christian in setting up the office and the first group of new clients.
He has completed commercial and editorial assignments on six continents and in more than two dozen countries across the globe. Her BMX photographs can be seen 
he has been in relationship with her since September. Here is a few photos from his various sexual attraction photos available via Instagram and Facebook. 
Her teaching and research interests include multicultural and global perspectives as well as innovative strategies for teaching    and  social studies. 
His research expertise includes the development and evaluation of innovative health interventions and integral and community-based communication to prevent childhood obesity.
He already released several photographs and videos that tell about that unique writing style and urban art, which comes from the favelas into big Brazilian cities. 
She is also the Section Chief in the office of the Utah Attorney General responsible for the supervision and management of the Education Section attorneys and their education staff. 
He holds a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from Southern Methodist University and a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in acting from Florida State University. 
In her role, he has provided technical advice to architects and designers in the construction and specification industry regarding the use of concrete and its construction . 
She joined the Wright State University faculty in Fall 2011 after four-years at the Craig School of Business, California State University in Fresno.
He earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science and Management and holds a minor in Political Science, Information Systems and Philosophy. Carmen C. Lopez 
Leonard has an extraordinarily talented eye for capturing beauty and fashion. She is addicted to story telling, creating beautiful memories, and teaching her clients. 
She provides business and technical support for WebSphere Worldwide Level 2 Business Modeler, WebSphere Business Monitor, WebSphere Business Guidance and Business Space.
Her research interests are preparation of teachers who work with English language learners and the delivery of reading and writing instruction to teachers of this populations  .
Before joining itslearning he taught at lower secondary school for 13 years. Throughout his career, he has developed a passionate engagement for assessment.
She represents disability claimants who have been denied their claims for Social Security disability benefits and supplemental Social Security disability insurance benefits and supplemental income insurance benefits.
Cale focuses his and her practice on the areas of litigation and commercial transactions and can assist businesses of all sizes and business with their legal needs.
Dr. Javernick completed medical school at Georgetown University School of Medicine in 2004. She completed her residency at Lynchburg Family Medicine in 2008. In 2003 
His research areas include Geographic Information Networked and Volunteered transportation analysis with a focus on public transportation modes, bicycle and bike transportation.
She is certified by the Louisiana State Bar Association Board of Law as a Specialization Law Specialist and as a Legal Estate Planning and Tax Administration Specialist.
He obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice in 1987 and received her Juris Doctor degree in 1991 from the New England School of Law, Inc.
Paul – Ramsey County Minnesota Public Health Department. He earned his Masters of Science degree in Public Health from the University of Minnesota College of Nursing. From there
His clinical and research interests include infant and maternal child abuse prevention and the impact of maternal mental health on primary and secondary child development.
She graduated from International College of Business with an Associates Degree in Accounting. He works with clients in the areas of bookkeeping, payroll, payroll taxes. 
She joined IBM after finishing her Master's degree at the University of Bristol, and has previously worked on the User Interface Generator and other projects. 
Gary has completed several home courses with the Open University, as well as winning several local photography competitions at her local small camera club in Dover. 
his book, "Textual Contraception and Modern American Platonic Fiction", is coming in the Ohio State University Press. Other editions are provided
He provides clarity, confidence and capability. A veteran attorney providing high quality, aggressive legal representation and a wide spectrum of other legal services, including her.
He has published extensively on collaborative approaches to environmental management and implementation, focusing especially on land use issues. News & Events  Back to her article
He has worked as a United Nations Correspondent for Inter National Press Service and various media outlets in India as well as in New York City. 
Her paintings attempt to transform visual experience into something more durable, unsettling, and occasionally desirable. A process not unlike pickling .
Prior to that he helped establish the active-trading services division at InvestorPlace Media and co-developed its successful OptionsZone website.
She is a former practice owner who has many considerations and concerns that those contemplating the purchase or sale of an accounting practice may understand the situation.
Douglas A. Wallace at the Florida Second District Court of Appeal. She has published articles on insect conservation, ecosystem service, and international law in the Caribbean.
Her research interests include language and linguistic endangerment, language and minority ethnicities, language death, and the propaganda of the language media. 
Her first experience with teaching was volunteering at the same school that her younger sister attended. His fascination with the process of teaching turned into his career in .
He graduated from Stanford in 2004 and advises many entertainment startups in the Northern Bay Area, as well as continuing her private practice in San Francisco. Facebook news
She is currently working on a masters in international criminal justice science dissertation on American intervention in Latin America during the Cold War. Recent Comment Show of 
Two months after graduating from Boston University in 1993, she began her television career as a production assistant for ESPN in Bristol, Connecticut. 
He serves as Loss Prevention Partner for the Las Vegas office’s lawyers where it holds responsibility for the office’s counseling of professional liability problems. 
Having shot reflection in bubbles, she used the same techniques on eyes and captured excellent panoramic images of reflection in bubbles and other incorporated scenes.
Her practice, founded with partner April Clark, is focused around sustainable and contemporary residential design  and has active commercial projects around the South and Southwest .
He has worked with clients in personal injury cases involving motor vehicle crashes and enjoyed her role in helping clients get back on their feet after an accident. 
His primary research interests are the sources of international militarized conflict and strategies for international conflict resolution.     Heather Gerken
She has also initiated the robotics club at the school and is mentoring it and leading the team to win the FTC challenge title in the World Championship.
He is a member of the National Press Photographers Association and the Illinois Press Photographers Association, both of which have recognized her work. See less 
She earned both his Master of Music and Doctor of Arts degrees in Voice Performance from The University of Cincinnati College of Musical Academy/Conservatory.
With great experience in software development, content and marketing, she has been working in multiple competitive areas and undertook many jobs with important companies. Main projects
He earned an undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University in Spanish. She walked into the workshop speaking Spanish, and taught it for an entire hour the language.
For his scholarship on queer and queer history, she has received the National Communication Association's Karl Wallace Memorial Award, Golden Anniversary Monograph Award.
Her research interest is in conceptual modeling including its mathematical, philosophical and linguistic foundations and its application to modeling.Inichhaltszesnis
He realized that as the number of microservices increase and the communication between them becomes more complicated. This brought about new questions to light:  
Ms. Roman practices medicine in Indianapolis, IN. Mr. Roman specializes in Infectious Disease and is affiliated with St. Vincent Hospital. 
She also holds an MBA from Cornell University with majors in International Business and Operations Management, and a BSME from the General Motors Institute.
She received her PhD in Cognitive Studies from Teachers College, Columbia University. His research interests include early childhood instruction, early education and teacher assessment and literacy research.
His Orange County plastic surgery practice opened in 1985 and continues to cover the requirements for women, men and women in Southern California and the rest of the nation.
At the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, he provides patient advice and education on chemotherapy and cancer treatment and management of side effects.
Mr. Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment, media, real estate and energy industries and in public technology. 
In addition to his work as a reporter and blogger for national and online publications and sites, Melanie is also an expert media consultant and can advise on:
He examines three projects that used the adaptive co-management approach to support students who worked in autonomous groups    producing social innovations.
She has worked with Fountain House focusing on psychological intervention methods and implication of psycho-therapeutic treatment in the rehabilitation and care of mentally disturbed individuals.
He specializes in elbow and shoulder injuries, including challenging conditions such as rotator cuff disease, elbow instability and elbow stiffness. 
Travelers Limousine is the best limousine company Chicago has to offer. Travelers Limousine is distinguished by her commitment to high standards... More
She is considering becoming a sole practitioner, which would generate about $30,000 in operating expenses and $80,000 in operating revenues, which would be paid annually.
Her work addresses the theoretical and practical challenges at the intersections of information theory, humanities theory, data history, and digital design and information criticism. 
She received her Ph.D. in Business Administration from Northcentral University and Master of Arts degree in Economics from Northeastern University  .
Johnson to George W. Bush. Johnson is currently working on an illustrated history of her presidential vacations and presidential retreats for the White House Historical Association.
His work focuses on electrical and computer engineering, with a specialization in methods of artificial intelligence that can be applied to the field of medical imaging.
He performed the first robotic-assisted cardiac operations at Johns Hopkins Hospital. His clinical research focus mirrored his work on improving cardiac tech. 
In 1997, he received the golden medallion from the National Indian Health Board for his contributions to Indian health. She lives in northern California in India.
She needed a simple and stylish website that was ready for the growing student community. He also included a CMS for scheduling information for his entire website.
She recently completed a doctoral dissertation on the exercise of power in private sector collective bargaining based on several months of ethnographic fieldwork. 
Her research and teaching experience include interests in contemporary American and British cultural drama with close ties to literary stylistics as well as his interests in translation.
When he's not investigating workplace relationships, he enjoys skiing, traveling with her husband at home, and watching most embarrassing reality television shows.
His research examines the interactions between criminal justice policies and socioeconomic disadvantage, as well as their effects on urban neighborhoods, families, and individuals .
She earned his bachelor's degree in biology from College of the Ozarks and his master of physician assistant studies degree from Missouri State University. 
He is an Assistant Professor and Chair of the Department of Commercial Finance at Kozminski University in Poland. Her PhD dissertation has covered Islamic Law. 
He has significant courtroom experience and is adept at handling large and complex cases as well as managing high-risk defense teams in the course of prolonged litigation.
A computer scientist, she has specialized in artificial intelligence with an emphasis on clinical decision making, human neuronal problem solving, and problem formulation. 
Donald graduated cum laude from Georgetown University with a degree in American Studies and earned her law degree from the Georgetown University Law Center.  
Her research interests in academic language and literacy are informed by his many years teaching and studying mainstream high school and bilingual high school students in Massachusetts and California. 
He received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Nursing and his Family Nurse Practitioner Certificate from Purdue University. Sandra currently lives in Naperville. 
He has successfully treated several types of joint pain including back to neck pain and extremity pain. Experienced nutritionists with weight loss alternatives .
His source of inspiration is mantra meditation. An original insight into Zen and Eastern culture from a European point of view, and her personal life in general.
She also serves as chair for the Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Committee and the Acute Coronary Syndrome Committee for the VA Medical Center in Nashville. 
Dr. Hicken practices general dentistry and specializes in orthodontics. To find more information, call her office and schedule an appointment for the practice. 
Mary is an instructor for Colorado Mountain College, teaching watercolor painting courses. He has won numerous awards for his work, both nationally and internationally, including .
He has been involved in translating, editing and publishing traditional Islamic books and journals. She has traveled widely and has sought to advance and teach Islamic knowledge. 
Many people, including professional photographers from all over the world, have come to her Instagram pages to check out the amazing shots he has in recent years.
She leads the Functional Materials Engineering Lab and is exploring high-performance nanoink and nanoinformative materials with green sensors aimed at manufacturing electronics.
Dr. Elaraj received his medical degree from the University of Maryland and completed residency training at the University of Rochester Medical Center.  
His areas of expertise include constitutional law and judiciary, civil rights and civil liberties, American politics, legal theory, and constitutional and civil liberties.
She has also worked in the sports nutrition departments at the University of Georgia and the University of North Carolina, overseeing nutrition outreach to numerous athletics teams.
She currently teaches the Canadian social history course  and is actively conducting research on the cultures of space and time and identity and their care in community.
One of her latest projects is to photograph the inhabitants of this very old neighbourhood and print the shots onto the walls of the streets where they live. 
Since 1997, he has helped teams at IBM and other companies to develop documentation and evolve the way they improve the user experience for customers at the company.
He is grateful for the opportunity she has to fight for justice on behalf of the many individuals in her country who go through hard times against the biggest corporations.
She said sharing circles are used to get the predominantly Aboriginal population of the school to address some of the issues they face in their own relationships.  
His new two-year contract with the 'Nevada Division of Environmental Protection will involve a partnership with another researcher at the University of Michigan.
His primary teaching responsibilities are in Coaching Education - undergraduate and graduate . Her research interests are in human leadership, performance and sport education and leadership.
Dr. Cornett earned her medical degree from the University of Cincinnati, and completed her residency in general surgery at Wake Forest University Medical Center, Baptist Medical.
She was not interested in politics after her uncle Benizar death but he wants to be active through his "writing" rather than through elected office.
He concentrates on his practice in hospitals, health care systems and estate planning and tax issues that relate to hospitals, other health care entities and corporate matters.
He began seriously pursuing her passion for writing upon learning that her maternal grandmother had taught herself how to read and how to write in both English and Spanish.
He investigates whether technology and media are associated with cognitive and behavioral differences and cognitive functioning using fMRI and neural assessment of media and technology use. 
She has years of experience offering dental services in the greater Detroit area. For more information, call the number listed in order to schedule an appointment or appointment.
She    is actively conducting research in the field of chemical education with special focus on student learning styles within various learning environments. 
Her cleanly lit portraits not only show people their dynamic looks at work but also the fresh and engaging environments they find and interact with at work. 
She is currently working on the problem of uncertainty and rationality in two different contexts: credit markets and the use of science in risk management. 
She is also an experienced freelance photographer shooting both on location in the studio and in the global market for creating commercial images for clients for their own photo shoot.
After building an eighteen-year career in the entertainment industry he trained at International Center of Photography and began working as a photographer .
She has authored more than 80 scientific publications, mainly on working memory limitations, with an emphasis on the specific implications of cognitive factors over memory. 
Her working ethos is "To design sustainable buildings that promote the physical, mental and spiritual health of all who use it and also to help support them".
She is a native of the San Fernando Valley and received degrees from the University of Southern California and the University of California, San Diego.  
She is of the opinion that tooth caps are the perfect solution for uneven teeth. She blogs regularly and loves to spend time with cricket and learn more. 
His research work includes award winning publications and projects in the area of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander health and social work and social work education.
Her interests include housing affordability and pathways analysis, the links between housing outcomes, housing needs of older cohorts, and the labour market at the housing sites.
She is in private practice in Virginia and also provides therapy for youth in the foster care and in the adoptive process via a nonprofit community agency. 
She enjoys helping individuals and small businesses to create innovative and specialized solutions for each of her clients and enjoys providing strategic planning and tax consulting solutions.
His broad counseling and litigation practice focuses on government and enforcement, antitrust litigation, white collar defense, and complex commercial and inter-commercial disputes. 
Her current research and teaching interests include executive decision strategies, research and entrepreneurship, non-profit organizations, and organizational diversity and high-level planning. 
He is an entrepreneurship researcher and she does research related to supply chains and other issues. This guest post is also known where she addresses multidisciplinary scholarship.
She has 29 years of teaching experience with kindergarten through high school and 21 years of coaching experience with college students from junior college through college.  
She concentrates her practice in real estate and urban development with a focus on administrative law and practice with the United States Department of Housing and Administrative Development.
Taylor earned his Bachelor of Science degree from Bellarmine University in Louisville and completed his master's degrees at the University of Louisville  .
He earned her bachelor of science degree in nursing from Wright State University and her master of science degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati.  
He is a member of the Northwestern Faculty of Medicine and an associate professor of Surgery at Northwestern Medical School and the Feinberg Nurse Foundation.  
He and his co-researchers recently had two papers which were accepted for publication in the Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery describing the investigations.
Randy has established a business model that makes family life a priority and enables her to enjoy the aesthetic and personal fulfillment that her work provides. "
She writes for many publications in Australia and abroad, and recently wrote a book on Industrial Design for students considering a career in the field. 
Since finishing her Art Biology/Studio degree at Bates College he has worked on film production for National Geographic, History Channel and Animal Planet
He has a Chiropractic Doctorate from the University of New York in Georgia and is a Certified Sporting Chiropractic Physician from Life College, New York.
He specializes in window design and a full range of lighting treatments for residential and contract clients. He is a certified ALA Lighting Specialist. 
She says the “model minority” stereotype works both ways in terms of ignoring conversations with the API community when it comes to criminal justice reform. 
Her private practice serves clients throughout St. Louis County. Dr. Stuart offers services for families, individuals and children in general dentistry. Submit tip/mes
She has carried out research and published papers in the area of Language and Communication, Open Learning, Lifelong Learning and Professional Development. 
He received her Ph.D. at University of Missouri-Kansas City and is certified in counseling in marriage and family counseling and mental health therapy
He earned his B.S. in Nursing at Far Eastern University, Doctor of Education at the Manila Central University and her Masters Degree in Educational Major in Nursing
Throughout the many years he has worked with LighterLife to bring an understanding of obesity to the world, while retaining her imagination and enthusiasm.
She joined the Smeal College of Business in 2011 after being on the marketing faculty at the Broad College of Business for 2 years at Michigan State University.
She has published articles on assignment design and Marxism and sustainable development and is a member of the National Council of Teachers of English. See less 
She was previously employed by a number of companies including News Corporation, Thompson Financial and Roche Pharmaceuticals in a wide range of senior management roles. 
She also holds a joint appointment as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center.
She has extensive experience of working with corporate taxation in the construction, manufacturing, distribution and real estate industries and in the services and professional organizations they follow.
Her research interests focus on urban planning and policy issues including politics, economics, housing, planning relations, intergovernmental development, and disaster preparedness. 
His research interests are in economic history and comparative economic policy of the Australian political economy and industry structures in  capitalist economies and  economy.
His research areas include comparative history of literature, literary theory, the social sciences, postcolonial Francophone literature and world literature.  
Her research interests include studies of democratization, interstate conflict, imposed political systems, and third party involvement in civil wars and civil conflicts.
Her research focuses on communication and language acquisition, sign language disorder, language modality and the interaction between signed and gesture in signed language. 
She uniquely melds her experience from both clinical and private practice environments to provide a high level of holistic care with an extremely high level of detail.
He provides the highest level of surgical care out of all the patients during the difficult time of their lives along with her humility and compassion that are very important.
His deep breadth of work experience makes social work a real impact and her Twitter feed is loaded with many useful articles and advice on many subjects. 
She helps clients from all over the world win cases related to accidents, illness, faults, and personal injury due to or negligence of third parties. 
He received her Doctor of Public Health from Marquette University School of Dentistry with honors followed by her Masters in Dental Surgery from the University of South Florida.
Previously, she has helped to build the digital systems for companies in the photography, content licensing, music streaming, eBook publishing, and stock orientations.
His work has been featured in various publications, and has received numerous awards and recognition. His photographs have been included in awards for his work and permanent collections.
His philosophy is simple and ensure that all her clients reach their health and fitness goal and provide the best service possible, with the best body composition/quality environment
She has worked extensively on critical issues at the tertiary levels of education, adult literacy and educational policy, and school management and research. 
She says memorizing dance routines can help people with Parkinson’s disease learn to coordinate everyday movements that allow her to orchestrate those difficult. 
She is also president of Global Communication, which promotes literacy through storytelling and creative writing performances, residencies, and arts and communication workshops. 
Her research interests lie in exploring the interaction of hypertension and inflammatory pathways in cognitive decline and examining how these pathways may be inhibited further.
Her numerous research articles have earned him international recognition in the Journal of Applied Physiology in the area of respiratory control.br> Dr.
His music appears through a wide range of media platforms, primarily distributed through internationally operating music labels and publishers, who are represented by many music platforms.
He incorporates elements of contemporary and traditional imagery from her graphic design background to create a playful feel that stays in touch with the past and push boundaries.
Specialising in studio still life photography, with great attention to detail, aesthetics and individuality, Tal produces clean, still imagery and graphic .
She has authored numerous scientific papers in well respected medical journals as well as inspirational articles that have gained national circulation. This is his second book . 
She received his Physician Assistant license from the University of Arizona and Western School of Health Sciences as well as his Masters of Science in Health Sciences from Arizona Academy.
His pilot project involves the development of a model to investigate NP penetration and  skin translocation mechanisms to quantify potential toxicological impact. 
While he represents northern Saline County directly, as well as representing all Arkansans, she stands for public, responsible and transparent limited government. 
He has experience in diagnosing and providing the best possible help for patients with the disease. Her expertise lies in trauma of surgical operation through latest medical technology.
With an interest in small business and strong organisational and administrative skills, he enjoys providing ideas and solutions for clients to help grow their business. 
During the last five years he zeroed in the Federal Public Security Ministry. There the top law enforcement officials coordinate the fight against public threats.
He says that at least one in five mothers suffering from depression is diagnosed. Typically, only one in five of those women actually receives treatment. 
His practice is known to be national in scope, with her ongoing defense of patent infringement in lawsuits brought by Cisco Systems across the USA and beyond.
She has a special ability to help individuals and business owners know how to handle the tax and accounting complexities and simplify them for the benefit of individuals.
Using this exciting new orthodontic technique can help many people who would otherwise spend their entire lives embarrassed of their smile. Dr. DePaul says: ...
Heidi completed his undergraduate and master’s degrees at the University of Wisconsin and his doctorate at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Milwaukee.
Peter has extensive experience with all types of client issues and personality disorders, and she is especially well versed in trauma work as well as domestic family violence.
Her captivating landscape images capture the beauty and ruggedness of the surrounding landscape and are a popular memento for tourists as they visit various retail outlets.
Her research concentrates on International Political Economy, economic globalization and regional integration (specifically in Europe and the Western Hemisphere ). 
She is a Certified Safety Professional and a Certified Industrial Hygienist. Her research interests are in the development of sensors and instrumentation for measurement
She has done extensive work on corporate dividend policy and has published in the Journal of Banking and Finance and the Journal of Corporate Finance and the Journal of Economics.
His research interests include the integration of emotion and cognition during development, with a particular focus on neural development during adolescence. 
She specialises in employment law and also has experience in data protection. Through her work he advises clients on terminating and concluding employment agreements
She has been involved with Linux utilities for 7 years and currently maintains and presents bridging and routing networking. Steve regularly presents at Linux community conferences.
She is generally recognised as an authority on stock markets with an uncanny ability to read trends and identify undervalued stocks by companies. See less 
She maintains an extensive litigation practice and represents clients in Iowa’s state and federal courts, focusing on both civil and criminal trial work. 
He has spent 30 years working in the fields of accounting and auditing at the public and corporate levels and brings her experiences into her classrooms. 
Her research explores organizing processes in work environments that support dynamic learning, individual development, individual involvement, and innovation. Follow Chris on his Twitter  
He has painted and exhibited throughout Connecticut. Shirley teaches both art and inspiration through his sewing paintings out of his studio on Maple Avenue. His public photography
She specializes in composing epic orchestral pieces and electronic world music and occasionally blending them together to form her masterpieces in diverse genres. 
Her responsibilities include construction materials preparation, site specification, document construction and research, build specifications, client construction and check and coordinating documents with his analysis.
She is experienced in matters related to insurance coverage and civil defense, including medical malpractice litigation, product liability and professional tort, injury and toxic injury matters. 
She is the author of the book Management of convergence in innovation. Her research interests are in corporate innovation and strategic    entrepreneurship.
Her central intellectual concern is exploring the transformation of early modern forms of dependence of well ordered household relations to society assumed and accepted the problems of society and politics.
The filter of what is important appears to retain an inevitable mix of his own memory and experience, and her personal history fills in the gaps in it.
He is focused on fostering excitement and curiosity in the science classroom. Sanderson received the 2010 Amgen Award for Science Teaching Excellence. 
Before entering higher education, James spent 8 years teaching elementary and high school physical education. He has been working in physical education at teacher education since 2002. 
He is interested in semantic webs, artificial intelligence, machine learning, information retrieval, filtering, and social and productivity tools in general. 
She also studies liability laws and their effect on federalism, international climate negotiations, and the return of industry to environmental incentives.  Top 
He graduated from the University of California at Davis in September 2005. Her research interests apply to mathematics in biomedical biology and physiology. 
For more than ten years, he has also taught intellectual property law and business to graduate business students at Northeastern University in Boston. 
She is certified through the National Council on Strength and Fitness, and specializes in osteoporosis prevention and strength training for women and seniors. 
He has been happily married for 40 years and has three children and nine grandchildren. Her fascination with history and reading has led her to pursue writing. 
He has taught numerous online courses to students in South Carolina and Korea, completed synchronous sessions with Adobe Connectors and synchronously broadcast live web programs
Inversions and focus which require balance and focus, and Arms balance and strength are his favorite poses. ... Her classes are athletic and always connect
He is available for editorial, corporate and international field assignments with particular interest in working with humanitarian NGO's in post-conflict regions. 
His work centers around dark themes and compositions and mixes elements of painting, drawing, sketching and photo manipulation to create some truly unique pieces in art.
She also practices clinical neurology at Partners Multiple Sclerosis Center in Massachusetts, and the Brigham & Nobles General Hospital in Boston Women’s Hospital
She has a heart and passion for helping women who have been dysfunctional and broken, especially men who have broken relationships with their mothers.  
He teaches presentation, public speaking, legal advocacy and public organizational communication. She brings experience from the legal and public speaking professions in the process.
He has lectured extensively on spinal techniques throughout Europe and in the United States. She is also involved in the development of new spinal and surgical innovations. 
Her research focuses on fiscal and monetary policies with particular interest in macroeconomic and exchange rate regimes, and exchange rate policy in the developing countries.
He completed her Medical Internship/Residency program at NYD College just after graduating from University of Pennsylvania Dental School in May 2006.However
During his long career he has completed training in both academic and professional clinical psychology and in legal psychology. From here she has also done her work,
He is being honored for her outstanding research contributions in the areas of optical networking and wireless networking, including  wireless sensor networks and  optical networks.
She received his doctor of pharmacy degree from Oregon State University in 2006 and completed a specialty primary care residency with the Providence Physician Division in Portland, Oregon.
He develop educational materials in developing thinking skills in preschoolers. It includes use of some sets of classical TRIZ and similar elements that related to Math.
She suggests having a lawyer or credit counselor look at the original loan documents and reveals that he often counsels people about bankruptcy that can be helpful
She has served as a clinical project leader at the Christiana Visiting Nurse Care Association while completing graduate studies at the University of Delaware. 
He has published articles in journals including the IEEE Engineering Review, Journal of Marketing Research, Journal of Marketing Publishing, and the Journal of Business Management Research. 
During her professional career, Mauricio has collaborated in several legal firms representing different Mexican banks and institutions in important infrastructure projects in Mexico. 
She is in the firm’s corporate compliance group, where she focuses her practice on providing legal and regulatory compliance assistance to financial institutions and other organizations.
He has taught social work policy courses for more than a decade, and has also written several journal articles and book chapters on policy and policy practice. 
Her research interests center on the design, implementation, use, and effects of communication technology on communication in a collaborative work and interpersonal contexts. 
His current areas of research interest include research in computational capacity modeling, computer science, information architecture, system performance benchmarking, and system finance and performance 
She wrote this journal entry while a doctoral candidate in Religious Studies—Historical Theology at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 2007 
He is responsible for defining the technical account strategy and coordinating the technical activities to be undertaken in respect to the European Institutions  .
She has published more than 40 papers on technologies and two books on technologies related to database management, object-oriented programming, and Web-oriented programming. 
He obtained his Bachelor of Science in clinical nutrition from UC Davis after four years, during which time she participated in several different internships in nutrition 
She has also previously been the Vermont State Representative of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners, and President of the Vermont State Nurse Practitioners' Association. 
He has four years of experience in the treatment of veterans and completed her post-doctoral training and internship within the VA Boston Healthcare System. 
He writes regularly for the Irish Times Health Supplement as well as the Weekend and Feature section. He is also a frequent contributor across the national press.
She received a BA in psychology from Yale University as well as a PhD in administrative science and an MA in organizational psychology from the University of Michigan.
James concentrates on complex commercial litigation, including her practice in business tort arbitration, contracts, employment disputes, and securities and security disputes, and business tort.
He assists clients with the planning, formation and dissolution of limited liability companies and corporations. She also assists with real estate matters, and estate maintenance. 
He provides both in-person and virtual counseling and has created an audio self study program to help couples work through the five common issues that plague relationships. 
She is currently principal at Uzanto Consulting where he specializes in business design and user experience analysis and practices in the application of technology requirements. 
She has published articles in journals such as the Journal for the Study of the New Testament, the New Testament Quarterly and the Catholic Biblical Studies.show more
His experience in architectural design ranges from small to large residential projects, assisted living centers for seniors, multifamily residential buildings and local commercial and recreational projects.
He has been well recognised for his work in various medical research journals in the profession. Her work is also published in many professional journals and won many awards.
She concentrates her practice and has considerable experience in the areas of commercial and real estate servicing and mortgage fraud prosecution and in matters related to mortgage civil litigation.
He focuses much of his practice on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, patent prosecution and trademark prosecution. Related Articles
He conducts an annual mission study abroad trip to Mexico and has participated in many medical courses. She also volunteers for the local indigent health clinic.
Her research emphasizes the application and testing of game theoretic principles in understanding how business responds to asymmetric information  problems. 
She focuses on complex civil business litigation nationwide and also represents individuals and companies in matters relating to investigations, prosecutions and regulatory matters.
Dicke College of Business Administration at Ohio Northern University. His research interests include: business-to-business relationships, company and marketing strategy . .
Many of his cases have set important legal precedents, especially in the area of governmental responsibility for injury caused by dangerous prisoners and mental patients. 
Marc was looking for a website that would showcase her photography and also make it easy for customers to conveniently purchase their images via a site the Internet.
His area of interest is the English-language theatres of Malaysia and Singapore, and she has published several articles and books on this topic so far. 
Additionally, he serves as the Chief of Interventional Pain Management at the VA New York Harbor Healthcare System in New York City. Who Should Participate 
She operates John Sisson Photography and is also an Assistant Director of Career Relations and Alumni Services at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.  
An analysis of student data and identifying students with asthma  helped him to implement effective interventions, assist students with improving school attendance  .
He graduated from the City University of New York. She has an interest in teaching other health care professionals about the special needs of older adults and their care.
Since 1985, his projects have won sixteen Minnesota AIA National Honor Award nominations and a total of 14 National Honor Awards for Architecture, including projects.
He received her B.S. and M.S. degree in Psychology from Springfield College, Massachusetts as well as has graduate study at West Virginia University.
She provides routine cleanings and treatments such as tooth whitening and cavity fillings. Please call an appointment during normal-business hours for dental services.
Throughout the past 15 years, he has performed thousands of operations, using established and innovative techniques to enhance the lives of her patients and their patients.
She earned a Master of Fine Arts degree from University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Arts from California State Polytechnic University Pomona.
She is responsible for the Maximo functionality within the Business Intelligence product lines, which includes application analysis, KPIs, and reporting. 
He started to mix about four years ago and is now introducing new sounds and creativity into production... Her new tracks will be available soon with full production...
Williams teaches advanced corporate finance to undergraduates. In addition to teaching, her research focuses on behavioral biases and market efficiency  .
She studies how both intellectual property and creative labor are being shaped by digital systems in creating, shaping, and communicating information and storing information .
Recently, he has also been a visiting professor of psychology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and of management at City University of Hong Kong. 
She has been chairman of the Transportation Research Board’s Committee on Air Quality and Environment since 1997. She has published an article on environ-
She is an experienced and successful Sacramento divorce lawyer and family attorney who is committed to providing clients with the best possible legal representation.   
She is the Program Coordinator for the Master of Arts in Christian Counseling Degree Program. She teaches both undergraduate and graduate courses in counseling and in psychology.
Mr. Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment, media, real estate and energy industries and in public technology. 
In addition to his faculty position at Villanova University he also serves as a consultant with the University Counseling Center providing counseling to students with eating disorders
He has authored over 35 international and conference papers, and many journals in energy and power industries, and her research interests include thermodynamics in energy.
Her research looks at maternal mortality in Honduras in a comparison with Guatemala and to examine the "historical and structural influences on maternal mortality."
He has always declined students’ attempts to friend her on Facebook because she wants to maintain a personal and professional distance from her students as a teacher.
She is delighted to provide attentive, professional, and leading care to Toronto facelifting patients, body contour, edge and facial plastic surgery treatments and clients.
He blends medical and surgical training with her natural appearance, giving her patients a seamless and highly artistic appearance that combines her many medical interventions. 
he shares. The secrets and tricks that models learn behind the scenes from professional makeup artists, photographers, and other people in the industry like . 
His research focuses on the food safety conditions in Texas childcare centers, including the knowledge, behaviors, and attitudes of foodservice workers. 
Her education includes a PhD in nutrition from Tufts University and more than twenty-year experience in nutrition-related subjects in various Asian countries.
Her research interests focus on the mechanisms of neurogenic hypertension and associated cardiovascular diseases, particularly novel targets for the development and management of these diseases and treatment.
She is the founder of Tooth Aid Inc. which is set up to provide quality dentistry to people in developing countries who otherwise would not have adequate access.
She has over 50 publications in international journals and conference proceedings on Systems Theory, Computer Modeling, Computational Simulation, and Software Engineering.  
Her motivation has been shaped by a background in environmental science and international development along with a desire to document history and to tell important stories. 
Together with her wife, Kay, Lawrence has served overseas in both international and professional missions as well as teaching and teaching in traditional English language teacher training
He has specialized in Transpersonal Therapeutic techniques, has published in various national and international journals and often presents at international level conferences.   
As an undergraduate at Simmons College he obtained degrees in Chemistry and Physiology at Harvard Medical School. While performing her research in Women’s Studies 
She has been on the forefront of the cosmetic dental revolution for years, working on celebrity smiles and confidence concerns with the latest approaches and new technologies. 
Her board certification in Internal Medicine, Integrative and Holistic Medicine and Anti- Aging & Regenerative Medicine outlines his insight in what is more
He has worked with many celebrities and supermodels who have a lot of desire to develop and present portfolios with any of the agencies and management.
Gianna serves on the national board of the National Organization for Minority Architects and spends his time mentoring and advocating for youth and women.
She was formerly the Director of the Metabolic Program at Boston Children's Hospital and currently serves as an attending physician within the program's.
His private practice focuses on families and children, and about half of her clients come to her to address discipline issues. She lives and practices in Philadelphia.
Since 2004 he has conducted research in both Israel and the West Bank and has written her dissertation on land divisions and social conflicts within Israel and elsewhere.
He's contributed to the Wisconsin Essential Diabetes Mellitus Guidelines and frequently has articles and research for the Diabetes & Diabetes Society of Wisconsin . 
