########## Predicted counterfactuals of small test texts (<= 32 tokens) using Mean Difference
Her research interests include material on international media coverage, postcolonial communication, cultural criticism, Muslims and muslimism. He can be contact at
His favorite memory of school day was when she got the chance to throw water balloons at the field with her classmates from 6th and 4th grade.
He understands that many clients are not familiar with the legal system, and will attempt to make them comfortable in their work and experience as possible. Firm Information
He has experience in all areas of project finance and has been instrumental in the successful closure of all economic aspects of projects.    More
Her practice involves defending general liability, liquor liability, product liability, construction products liability, and professional lawsuits ... as well as representing parties .
He has published extensively on breast cancer diagnosis, treatment, risk and management, and breast cancer care, and she is the author of more than 150 articles.
Professor Henderson has been acting both on stage and on screen since 1985. He is also the founder of Performing Arts for Social Change at Cornell University. 
Previously he was a software architect working for Microsoft and ISV in designing and managing Microsoft's top-tier defining solution architecture customers.
She regularly takes part in training in Continuing Education and has obtained his Certificate of Adult Weight Management with additional training from the American Association of Diets.
Prior to that, she attended University of Wisconsin Medical School and University of Southern California, and completed an internship at University of Illinois and residency at .
His research and management efforts focus on extension of forests and riparian areas with a particular concentration on the interaction of fire within these systems. 
She implements technology-based inquiry science curricula and related professional development programs in high schools across the country demonstrating student gains in learning. 
She has previously worked for the Australian Securities and Investments Commission   and has prepared submissions on the FoFA reforms for consumer groups.
His areas of expertise are gerontology, social/community psychology and public policy. He currently serves as chair of the National Coalition of Consumer 
She received her PhD from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and completed his pediatric psychology internship and postdoctoral training at Brown Medical
Joani earned his Master of Music Education degree from Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana and is currently a candidate for his doctoral degree at Boston University.
He has received funding from a number of leading professional accounting bodies for research and reporting in sustainability accounting and published in a number of academic journals. Partners
He has been a developer in the industry for 12 years and has worked on both small and enterprise scale projects with thick and thin client front ends. 
He has counseled patients in cardiac rehabilitation clinics for over eight years, and in the past years he has taught heart-healthy cooking classes
He specializes in tax preparation and serves individuals and small businesses. Call in his office for more information about her practice and for schedule and appointment information. 
He provides many insights and provies into adopting the attitude of abundance at the end of each lesson for the listener to complete specific tasks. 
His research interests cover material science, distance learning and physics education. His work has been published in both local and international journals.Advance 
His research and teaching interests are in the areas of physical and processing engineering and food properties of foods (dairy engineering and food safety). Here, more
His research on intercultural competence and how she works effectively across cultures gives her unique insight into ways individuals and teams can work effectively with cultural disparity. 
Her primary areas of focus are community corrections and correctional rehabilitation. He has published many articles and book chapters on these issues and has done several others.
She teaches the fundamental principles of perception and anatomical architecture for constructing and interpreting images that accurately portray the actual movement of the human figure.
He received his BA in Mathematics Education from Mercyhurst College in Eric, Pennsylvania, and her PhD in Mathematics from the University of South Carolina, .
Throughout his career he has held numerous professorship and medical director positions in both Tennessee and Georgia. She has two daughters and one grandchild. 
Her essay will be particularly relevant to readers interested in democratization, relationships between politics and media, and in politics and postsocialism movements. 
He originally wrote this story when she was in her second grade. Susan decided to publish it for her daughter years later after the birth of her granddaughter. 
He has done a report that looks at some issues, including assistance programs, he says that African-American business ownership needs to be streamlined.
He received his undergraduate degree in History and Geography from the University of California at Chicago and her masters degree in Teaching from the University of Berkeley. 
He has won numerous awards for his reporting over the past 20 years, including first place for business coverage from the Wisconsin Newspaper Association in 2011.  
He will be present each day and will help to ensure that the camp runs smoothly by helping to coordinate the daily activities of the camp counselor and various supervisor.
Jackson School of International Studies at the University of Washington. Her research, writing, and teaching focus on Indian politics and the political economy of development .
His interests include rhetoric, technology, writing pedagogies, and Native American writing and history. Writing Composition and composition Studies of Native and writing 
She has experience developing Web applications and recently joined the Voice Toolkit development team. Creating Voice Applications with Reusable Dialog Components  
He is currently the Medical Director of the Arthur and Helen E Johnson Depression Center and the Behavioral Health Director for the HIV Clinic at the University Hospital. 
He has been responsible for accountancy training to a variety of organisations, ranging from small businesses to quoted companies, which may include open courses. 
With over 15 years of business and consulting experience, he has a proven track record in translating technical and functional requirements into software development and software realization.
With several schools under his belt. He has a strong background in fine arts and utilizes that knowledge and experience in his many photographic endeavors. 
Early in her career, she spent 10 years in litigation and insurance defense followed by three years work as general counsel for a national real estate investment trust.
Following this article, profiles of her conservatory faculty members retiring in 2011 will be available in the upcoming issue of Oberlin Conservatory magazine. In response
He works at the National Academy for Parenting Research where he leads a team of researchers that evaluate programmes shown in the Commissioning Toolkit.See
He has taught business management in the vocational system for several years, and has written five successful books in which she teaches all aspects of small business management.
She says the athletic departments at schools where women athletes are accused of sexual assault may prevail if women are likely to be vulnerable to suits with similar fate.
In her former private law practice, through which she advised clients on business law and legal issues, he exercised extensive litigation work concerning sexual harassment matters.
She is currently employed as an Information Officer by the National Youth Development Trust, a youth focused civil society organisation in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. 
Her strategies are considered a model for others in the newspaper publishing business who are contemplating the complexities of publishing as a cross-media strategy."
She is a retired Chair of the Education Committee for the Mental Health Professional Group of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine. American Fertility Association 
Brown graduated before standardized patients were used, and he knows how much it would have helped him feel more comfortable interacting with the patients than they did
She is a licensed psychologist with expertise in the areas of parenting and clinical interventions in the context of eating disorders in the development of disordered eating.
Lewis School of Nursing at Georgia State University. He has published several articles, and she has conducted and funded research on the identification and prevention of elder abuse.
His extensive travels and projects inform the varied life and lifestyle of both architecture and herself. He frequently stays in Paris to enjoy her own food and wine.
Over the years, people have converted their travelling time into motivational learning time by listening to her speeches through their mp3s and their iPods.
He has experience representing clients in complex constitutional law and election litigation in the federal, state and national courts, civil and political matters, and appeals. 
East End Arts executive director Pat Snyder approached him about the space at the school after they had heard of proposals to lease there to the downtown Riverhead .
His research focuses on linking functional traits of plants with their current evolutionary processes in order to understand the history of plant biodiversity and its organization and ecological consequences.
His songs/arrangements are being used in churches across America every Sunday and have proven to be very effective in touching the hearts and lives of others!
Her teaching and research focuses on program evaluation and nonprofit management, and she is the coordination of the Graduate Certificate in Nonprofit and Nonprofit Management.
Her research focuses on how government agencies, stakeholder groups, and the public can use collaborative strategies and practices to help improve democratic outcomes in public policy.
She is a parent of two students in the Rochester City School District and an active founding member of the Community Education Task Force and an community organizer. 
His research interests include the study of transgression and discipline in contemporary popular culture with a particular emphasis on the prison system, dark culture and tourism. 
He has decades of experience performing successful cosmetic surgeries and reconstructive surgeries, and her reputation among patients and peers in cosmetics is unmatched by others. 
Her research interests involve a particular investigation of the function of reaction mechanisms essential for the metabolism of enzymes such as cellular protein turnover and metabolic enzyme.
Kate and his team have an unexpected camping adventure and gain an even greater understanding of how local people live when they get stuck in the middle of nowhere. 
She has created a number of resources to help beginning photographers learn Engagement Photography, including information on how to begin learning engagement photography and practical Wedding Photography. 
She provides high-profile legal advice to a variety of IP owners both locally and internationally, as well as to several leading pharmaceutical companies around the world.
She specializes in Middle East and Ottoman history. She has published articles in such journals as Turkish Studies Journal and the Arab Studies Journal of General.
Dr. Hopkins attended University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, where she received her dental degree, and completed a residency at  Oklahoma University. 
She received his Ph.D. from University of Tennessee in Knoxville, Tennessee. Her research interests include Human Resource Management and Health Care Administration. 
She has been at home and gym for over 10 years and has had tremendous success in training people to achieve the weight they want and in helping lose bodies.
Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. Her research interests include theoretical, empirical, and industrial research related to the regulation, especially in the organization.
He is currently licensed to practice medicine in California. She is affiliated with San Gorgonio Memorial Hospital and Moreno Valley Community Hospital . 
She received her undergraduate degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati. He received his graduate degree in nursing from Emory University in Cincinnati, Georgia. 
He was a 535 union activist and then became Medical Clinic Director at both the La Segua Clinic and the local network within CIU Healthcare.
Her interests include early math skills, academic efficiency and development of intervention, generalization and selection of interventions, and consultation and maintenance.
A frequent speaker for Adobe and Pictage, she has been featured in publications such as Feature, Rangefinder and American Professional Photographer.An info
His research interests include human-environment interactions, urban climate and sustainability, and the environmental impacts of urbanization. Print version binable
He was an investigative reporter for the San Francisco Examiner and San Francisco Chronicle and has won the George Polk Award and other journalism honors. 
His work has been published in the Greenwood Review of African American Studies, African American Review, and the Canadian American Encyclopedia of African American Folklore.
She received a BS in psychology from Illinois State University and a PhD in counseling and an MS in clinical psychology from Michigan State University College. 
Her research interests include spoken dialogues, biomedical and health analytics, artificial intelligence, and intelligence in general. Expanded sections include
He taught history in Montreal for many years before returning to the United States. She is the author of a book about the upcoming American Revolution. 
She has been teaching at RIT since 2006 and was previously the Materials Design and Product Development Engineer for Toyota, General Motors, and Delphi. 
Her practice primarily involves representing individuals who have been injured at work, and representing individuals who have been injured as result of the fault of others. 
She received her PhD in clinical psychology from the University of Wisconsin and completed his clinical psychology internship at the University of Iowa School of Medicine.  
She has a particular expertise in understanding how youth grasp, consume, and are impacted by media and technology inside and outside of the classroom. 
His public policy focus is on the domestic and international law of the U.S. Constitution, and her relationship between domestic law and terrorism within public.
She is passionate about writing for the forensic assessment, forensic psychology and stress and anxiety counselling concept to help society overcome stress and free lives. 
Her professional career has been devoted to the intricate division of Family Regulation with an emphasis on a combination of full military and asset divorcation-
He was introduced to color science and has been training and teaching in color management to support others in the printing and color management industry for nearly 14 years. 
Her work is actively involved in community and cultural affairs. He often references the traditions and art of Egyptian, African, Arabic and other African cultures .
He received the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for articles exposing corruption in the entertainment industry. He lives in Southern California with her wife and two children. 
He has also recently branched into specialist and creative furniture restoration – and her pieces can be seen in stores and galleries around Sydney. Read more 
Her research and consulting focus on U.S. and international policy issues of information privacy, corporate best practices, data technology, and policy and regulation. 
She is widely considered a potential future replacement for CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather when Rather steps down from the anchor desk in March 2005.
Mr. Ng has had extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and successful commissioning and financing in the solar energy sector.
He devotes a large number of his practice to legal help to free immigrants, and has successfully represented numerous asylum applicants in the community for their help.
She has worked on applications ranging from speech recognition systems to web applications throughout her career. Andy is the technical architect of laika .
Her research interests include issues of education and literacy. He teaches undergraduate and graduate special education courses as well as special education for diverse populations. Back from top
She also has expertise in helping women recover from a variety of health disorders including anxiety and depression, improve relationships, and cope with sexual difficulty and sexual.
She has worked on curriculum ideas and resources at school level for Oxford University Press and Big 7 on developing the Australian Curriculum for English History. Australian History books:
He travels the world capturing people and their homes, as well as working on her own photographic projects on behalf of the major photographic publishing houses. 
Her area of expertise is the development of civic spaces serving communities whose needs reside at the intersection of architecture, urbanism, and performance. 
Her shorts have screened internationally in renowned film festivals including the Cannes Film Festival, Los Angeles Film Festival, Short Film Fest, and Edinburgh Film.
She currently serves on the boards of the Arizona Conservation League and Phoenix Voter Education Fund and is a member of the  Environmental Quality Commission .
She has litigated cases in diverse areas including employment and labor law, labor and municipal law, insurance coverage, governmental tort matters and criminal liability. 
Her research interests include teacher and education publications on language autonomy, reflection and  reflection as well as his connections to the learning process.
She will develop a comprehensive system for evaluating the clinical skills of residents based on direct observation and explore the validity of such a system. 
She recently traveled with The Center for International Understanding to explore sustainable energy practices in Denmark. She is a new member of the North Carolina Geographic Alliance. 
His precise blending of the highly personal with the universal seems to be able to effectively embody the perspective that is required to convince her of self.
She is interested in the use of interactive and dynamic learning technologies in mathematical modeling in support of school mathematics and in preservice mathematics teacher development. In her use
He received the Distinguished Service Award for outstanding service to the American Association of State Colleges of Agriculture and Renewable Resources. 
Her innovative knowledge of latest cosmetic and reconstructive surgical techniques and surgical skills help the most aesthetically and non-surgical individuals to achieve their aesthetic surgery goals.
She uses a holistic approach to explain everything his clients qualify for and takes the time to determine the most viable options for each service and service that qualify.
She has more than two decades of experience in New York City tax policy, extensive knowledge of data analysis and database development, and system design.  
Her teaching interests include the challenges of postsecondary education, career readiness, and the supervision of school counselors. Interests include: Underrepresented populations:
Her research interests focus on professional school counselor advocacy competence and the use of strengths in approaches based on school counselors of diverse backgrounds to help students. 
He is recognised in the fitness industry for his extensive knowledge and for more than 10 years of experience transforming the lives of clients, bodies and health. 
She has served as a financial manager for a large nonprofit organization and has presented courses on managing personal and financial finances and less of the organization. See
He has an ongoing intellectual commitment to the landscapes and communities of the northern Rio Grandes where she has directed archaeological fieldwork every summer . .
She has 25 years of professional experience in intelligent transportation and sustainable transportation operations, intelligent transportation systems, and modeling, simulation, and traffic safety  .
He has extensive experience with historic renovations, single and multi-family residential and commercial projects, with an adaptive reuse of residential and institutional design. 
She also serves as the Director of Prison Extension Programs in six prisons in southeastern states overseeing prison extension and maximum security education personnel. 
Eric has had much experience with the application design process. She has held many discussions with Chris Bernard. Eric will be leading discussions on developing enhanced user experiences.
She has helped to create a partnership of teachers who teach a number of courses to enhance mathematics achievement. Key Research Interests: Increasing middle levels
He is approachable and has a willingness to learn and share his knowledge and experience through her own work and her portfolio of examples that provide opportunities.” 
Her primary research interests are in the areas of security and privacy in distributed computing environments and data privacy protection with a specific interest in the protection of trust 
She is involved in various IBM virtualization initiatives and efforts within AIX, including virtual appliances, lifecycle management, and other cloud computing virtualization efforts.
His special areas of interest include healthy lifestyle, health promotion, chronic disease prevention, pediatric and adolescent health concerns and health condition management.
With 26 years of federal service, he retired in 1993 as deputy undersecretary of Defense and director of the Defense Technology Security Administration  
She is currently serving as special advisor to the Provost and associate director of the Center for Advanced Study of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education. 
Her years of research into the human nervous system and the brain lead to the discovery of a spinal cord cooling process used by almost all medical institutions today.
She and her colleagues published a study online this week in the Journal for Health Care Quality about the major shortcomings in the way patients are tracked after treatment.
She has been called upon to investigate on-going complaints in the educational arena as well as analyze the efficacy of investigations conducted by districts. 
She has taken photos of horses involved in numerous equestrian events and competitions throughout the world including dressage, eventing and show jumping. 
He is currently studying an MFA in poetry at the University of Massachusetts. She also holds degrees in philosophy and architecture from the University of Melbourne. 
He has over 18 years of photography experience. Christy Forrester Photography has received approximately 40 profile views in the past month. Features include  Service
She was previously a social worker in the statutory sector and residential settings and has explored developments in practice in a number of publications in the field.
With a strong background in early childhood education as well as additional educational qualifications with a Masters Degree in Childhood Education and Special Education ... , 
Nicole Benson has been helping individuals to capture special moments over the last three years. Nicole established himself after completing his apprenticeship with another established photographer. 
Her studio is located in the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and it is this landscape that is the perfect source of inspiration for much of his mixed media work.
Her college student short documentary Family Story was officially selected by China Independent Film Festival in 2013 and Chinese Documentary Film Festival in 2013.   
She has been awarded the 1996 Samuel Litman Distinguished Professor Award in Engineering and the 1998 Joseph M. Biedenbach Distinguished Service Award. 
Her interest in statistics stems from his desire to use mathematical thinking and concepts to aid investigations of issues that are found in social policy or social education. 
He also provides psychological assessment for refugee populations. She is familiar with developmental disability and can also provide documentation of psychological testing for a Social Security application.
She is specifically interested in assessing educational approaches to identify the most efficient ways to meet a variety of student learning needs in the higher education. 
Hernandez uses this relationship to try to encourage character development in his students by challenging them academically, while using through differentiated instruction. 
Her research interests include the use of young adult literature in middle school and secondary programs, and vocabulary development of older learners.    
His researches on geomorphology and risks in international geography explains his participation in disaster prevention programs and in her work in Europe and in Asia.
Her expertise includes disaster and crisis management, resilience and vulnerability assessment, environmental justice policy, social governance, and  network analysis.
She is currently working on pre-production for an upcoming web series and will be volunteering at the Philadelphia Film and Animation Festival from September 27-31.
She is a member of the Complementary and Integrated Clinical Therapies Interest Group established by the Working Party of the Oncological Association Australia.
Her research emphasizes conservation biology as a study of wildlife population changes as a consequence of habitat degradation and fragmentation. In a separate announcement 
She completed his Master of Medical Science degree in Dietetics from Case Western Reserve University and received her internship in Nutrition at Case Western Hospital Medical Center.
When he’s not taking poetic photographs, he studies Biological Conservation and Environmental Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Burke began his investigation into the history of Storer College as part of his doctoral research at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and Virginia Institute of State University.
She is also a Functional Medicine Practitioner, working to help people suffering from chronic illness and chronic pain by finding relief and improving the health and healthy again.
He has chronicled the 2002 Soccer World Cup and the Tour de France and has contributed to numerous French newspapers and magazines, including her Magazine of Liberation.
She is also the Information Systems Librarian which encompasses various libraries and related Information Services including search and discovery systems and data repositories. 
Her research focuses on intergovernmental relations in Canadian social policy, as well as the politics of social and economic development strategies in Ontario and Quebec. 
The site lists several hundred composits and gives information on many of her performances and recordings. Many works are new and forthcoming and some are presented
He is the associate dean for academic programs and initiatives and the director of the strategic affairs and professional development for post-degree programs in architecture. 
He is also an expert in PR and reputation management and offers comments on the steps that Rupert Murdoch should take in completing her reputation. Further
She produces and produces films that expose or confront aspects of the cultural friction in Israel and the strategies they employ to deal with it for the everyday people ...
He graduated from Oklahoma State University where he completed her doctorate in computer science. His interests include high performance computing and computational intelligence, primarily .
He also maintains an active income tax and estate planning practice for individuals and couples to hold planning for future generations.    Read more
His practice focuses on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, patent litigation and trademark prosecution. So keep it in mind 
She is chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery and medical director of University Medical Center at Rush University Neurosurgery in Chicago, Illinois. 
His architecture training gives her perspective of seeing the environment as an environment, the landscape or the structure from within. Other products are unique by Josh Jakus
His practice area involves reports of errors in student loans, credit collection practices, unfair debt repossessions, unlawful lending practices, and improper automobile financing. 
She is the convenor of the School of Education, Science and Mathematics’s Research Cluster and Director of the Learning Research Center for Transformational Games. 
His research interests include the foundations of information representation and expression in documents and digital resources and the issues of information encoding and description within information resources.
She believes in opening up communication and understanding between yourself and your partners to foster growth and change, or in destructive patterns that can be broken anywhere within .
His commitment to excellence is derived from his extensive academic training, strong sense of patient care and a passion for restoring form and function. 
Her research focuses on the intersection between health care and federal justice agencies. He also collaborates on large-scale projects, mainly data collection agencies.
He joined the Institute in September 2014 and litigates cases promoting economic liberty, free speech and property rights in state and federal court.  
Before working in the book industry she discovered a passion for Russian literature and entered the field of journalism. A serial optimist and a winker.
She is a conference and court interpreter and published translator primarily in the areas of law, corporate communications, and advanced technologies.  
Sam is a science and former high school teacher who is passionate about creating positive images and promoting healthy body behavior to make his information accessible to the public
She was the founding Executive Director of DesignSingapore Council, the government agency responsible for leading the development and promotion of integrating Singapore
Her most recent experience involved working on a school-based research model that promoted collaborations between researchers and educators/researchers/practices.
She has over 20 years of experience as a Human Sexuality educator and consultant, lecturing, publishing and holding articles and workshops throughout the country 
Her main area of interest is information security with a focus on end-user behaviors and users’ professional values. He has studied information security especially ...
He works primarily with representatives of insurance companies, including claims defense attorneys and members of the insurance and claims defense staff, providing civil litigation services . 
She has evaluated over seven hundred incarcerated individuals. With her background, she is uniquely qualified to integrate behavioral health information with medical and health information.
His work includes numerous photoshoots and projects for fashion photographers internationally. He is also available for fashion shoots and promotional events for print. 
Her research explores dimensions of popular participation in performance, with particular focus on  placemaking, teaching  artistry and  reflective practice.
His practice focuses on the buying, selling and financing of businesses, as well as strategic relationships, operational matters, governance and sale of business issues. 
Dr. Taylor was named a Member of the Order of Canada for her humanitarian contributions to improving medical care and the surgical services of the developing world .
She is an award winning researcher in many areas of special interest in research relating to corporate finance and venture capital finance . . . prive
He has represented plaintiffs and defendants in federal and state courts across the country in a wide variety of complex commercial litigation matters in the law. 
He is also a Florida Certified Public Accountant, which allows her to bring an exceptional background in business and family planning to the practice of her business.
He works for an independent production company called Highertribe Productions and spends most of her days coordinating the Screenwriting Center at Columbia College. 
Her aim and vision is to create beautiful smiles and promote proper oral health care whilst maniguing good interpersonal relationships with every patient.
After retiring from KPMG at the end of 2011 he spent two years in Canada working on the development of international public sector accounting standards. 
Dr. Dangerfield received her undergraduate degree in Biochemistry from the University of Utah and her medical education at Wayne State University . . .
Her research in the cognitive science of language draws on behavioral experiments and computational modeling to inform theories of language production, perception, and acquisition.  
He also holds a Certificate of Proficiency in the Treatment of Alcohol Use and Other Use Disorders from the American Psychoactive Association that holds ."
Her clinical experience is in medical speech pathology, specializing in the rehabilitation of adults with neurological, cognitive, and communication disorders such as swallowing.
His main fields of research and teaching are the history of journalism, comparative history of political parties and political systems, and the history of European political parties.
Frank L. Burg is a certified safety and occupational safety professional who has written about her life and health and is a licensed safety engineer who made professional
Mr. McClain has been actively working in environmental law for some years, and is a former Enforcement Attorney with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency. 
A decade of focusing on big ideas while alternate career paths give him a platform to work on implementation that would demonstrate her influence across the world. 
Dole Veterans Affairs Medical Center. He received his medical degree from University of Kansas School of Medicine and has been in practice for 29 years.  
Writing seems to have been her interest for a long long . Writing stories for children is a natural extension of his professional experiences.
He currently enrolled at the University College London studying human sciences in the London area. She currently writes for an independent local journal which she publishes.
He is editor of travel and lifestyle website LiveShareTravel, offering inspirational features from professional writers as they explore every corner of the globe, .
He received his PhD in Motivational Psychology at University of Miami State. Her research studies how social cognition and emotions influence behavior and psyche. 
Her private practice involves a range of different psychological services including counselling and psychotherapy for individuals and couples who are struggling with various personal and interpersonal difficulties. 
She previously practiced civil rights litigation at the Center for Reproductive Rights in New York and served as a California deputy attorney general. All Work 
Petersburg and beyond. His clients love her unique style, bold and untrained in graphic images, and her ability to consistently capture natural light and convey.
With extensive experience in corrective exercise, she worked with physical therapists to develop progressive exercise programs for a wide variety of patients and their care.
Her research focuses on developing assessment tools for nutrition education, especially among low-income people and minorities with   who have diabetes. 
Among her clients are top celebrities and people from the world of fashion, but also industrial designers and advertisers willing to provide quality images of their products. 
He has been practicing Interior Design for 14 years. Her work has been published in a variety of Cleveland, Ohio area trade magazines and in other publications.
He is an assistant professor of film and media arts at Temple University in Philadelphia and is the filmmaker in residence at Maryland Institute of Art in Baltimore College. 
he has his Massage Therapy License from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts which includes Swedish style individual pre-training, leisure-training and high-quality sports massage,
He encourages students to explore contemporary art from contemporary artists to learn to make their own work a valued part of their own practice. Spirits Away
He was quickly sent on assignment by Dalmas to Orly airport where she was supposed to photograph the stars of the world arriving in the French capital. 
Though not professionally related to this field, he had clear idea of the causes of heart disease as well as how to cure different kinds of heart diseases.
Her broad counseling and enforcement practice focuses on government and defense matters, antitrust litigation, white collar litigation, and complex commercial disputes and lis.
He has been researching and working in the area of multicultural counseling for almost 20 years and has written extensively on counseling multiple-heritage clients. 
Warner is the chief foreign correspondent and primarily covers South Asian, Chinese and Russian politics and civil liberties, as of 2015.   Read at
He says people with mobility and vision disabilities told him about access barriers on park-and-ride facilities and sidewalks maintained by Caltrans. 
He has written for newspapers, magazines and websites around the country and taught courses on covering minorities in the media and media ethics as an adjunct professor. 
His research concerns how members of different groups approach and contact with one another, and how group differences in status affect experience in cross-group relations. 
He combines his teaching and professional activities with participating in conferences at the Catholic University of Valencia and has made articles and papers for numerous national and international journals.
He develops UNIX releases for products designed to help software vendors control how their applications are deployed and used. This article represents her views only. 
He photographs for international media, NGO's and corporate clients and undertakes media consultancy and training. For more information, please contact the http
Her professional experience includes assisting children, adolescents, and adults through a variety of mental, emotional, and sexual health challenges.   
He specialises in United States politics, eastern Europe issues and corporate responsibility. Her work has appeared regularly in the magazine Ethical Corporation 
His primary areas of research are structural modeling of residential structures and extreme effects of wind on wind resistance and stochastic winds. Articles  authored
He has been involved in several high profile cases throughout New York State including travel to Cuba and Puerto Rico and also testifies in many criminal and civil cases.
Her technically rich and spiritually engaging works take their place as a unique voice that unites and crosses the boundaries of Western and Eastern influences. 
Her teaching and research focus on enhancing knowledge and awareness about how race and culture impact on individuals and organizations and how to build models to raise cultural competence.
She holds an undergraduate degree in exceptional childhood education and a master’s degree in education, technology and instructional design. br> His Blog
Specializing in progressive architectural design focused on healing the environment and building with green landscapes is his way of bringing everyone back to the landscape. The More
He is primarily interested in the movement of light in city centers, living at night and capturing the movement of the different colors in daily life. 
She offers full service accounting, tax tservice and consulting services. He is located in Saint George, Utah serving southern Utah and the surrounding states. 
She specializes in assignment, stock and fine art photography for a variety of editorial needs including university publications, annual reports and magazine .
She launched the First Seminar for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery in 1995 and thereafter founded the National Association for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery with the National Association. 
She continued his professional education at Louisiana State University Dental School located in New Orleans, Louisiana, earning a doctorate in General Dentistry. More schools 
She has conducted interviews with over half a million people. Andrew regularly presents papers at international conferences and is currently the director of his own research company. 
He was formerly Head of Architecture and Design at a metropolitan authority responsible for the briefing and procurement of a large capital programme.  
He began his career as an extreme sports and action photographer, studying people and landscape photography, before diversifying into photography, advertising and work in Zurich.
His experience as a leading product development team makes her uniquely qualified to answer the nutrition and diet-related questions about HMR foods and various food options.
Miller’s photography has been published in numerous national, international, print and online publications. She has won awards and guest recognition including Honorable Mention.
Her photography was phenomenal. He is incredibly professional and captured great moments. No one would have been lucky to have Sandi as their photographer. Read 
She is frequently asked to handle challenging cases involving children, consumers or other people, particularly those involving serious or fatal injuries to various product products. 
She has been a part of research projects involving urban poor and has a good understanding of their healthcare needs and of the healthcare delivery process. 
She represents numerous high-profile clients, and has substantial experience defending federal and state prosecutions on the ground of initial investigation through appeal.  
He is a freelance photographer and is available for travel and hire. Contacts must be contacted whenever possible to inquire about rates regarding local shoots.
She also works closely with her partner to provide creative, modern wedding photography for couples in search of a partner to use his reportage style. Personal:
Licensed to practice law in North Carolina, she also serves on the North Carolina Outward Bound School Safety Committee and speaks regularly at outdoor conferences. 
She handles issues of residential and commercial real estate law and transactions. Legal counsel and representation are offered for law issues related to real estate and related matters. 
His practice includes intellectual property and information technology law as well as providing estate planning services for individuals who wish to comply with both Illinois law and Islamic law. 
He received her degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University. Lawrence writes a regular column in The New York Law Journal titled on contract drafting. 
Dr. Everson earned his Doctor of Psychology from the Illinois School of Professional Psychology and he specializes in adult psychotherapy at the Main Center in Springfield
Steve’s broad experience in the insurance arena provides her with insight based on the need to handle all types of claims through various types of policies. 
She has been involved in nutrition and metabolism research in Malawi for the past 9 years, and served as the principal investigator for RUTF studies there. 
His research on Brazilian transnational migration processes and Brazilian geography has been published in several Brazilian academic journals and in books and chapters in U.S.A.
He is licensed to practice law in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and has extensive personal injury experience handling complex and traumatic personal matters in these states and nationwide.
He works to develop predictive models related to molecular and cellular biology through the use of tools and methods for engineering and work in the physical sciences.
He brings to the team experience in operational management, project evaluation and business administration in the IT, hospitality and mining sectors during the last 15 years. 
Her teaching interests include clinical psychopathology, child and adult behavior therapy and pedagogical interventions with children, adolescents and young adults. 
Her practice focuses on complex civil litigation, intellectual property matters and internal investigations for high technology companies in Silicon Valley    .
She writes for the American Chronicle and is an International Advocate with the Coalition for International People, a non-profit organization that operates the International Advocates.
She told the Aspen Daily News that he believes federal agencies like the FBI are not concentrating on marijuana concentrates like those found at Aspen airport
His research interests include empirical and analytic work, workplace expertise, and the design and evaluation of coordinated human communication methods to support the work and collaboration.
She serves as the Director of the University of Michigan Headache and Neuropathic Pain Program and the Program Director for the Headache Medicine Fellowship Training Program.
His health law practice includes advising clients on federal regulatory and compliance issues and defending clients before professional boards. Shannon has experience in the following areas of law
Falling in love with a shy photojournalist named Normani Hamilton temporarily puts him off from worrying until the dark circumstances surrounding his relationship change. 
He has over 14 years of experience in database development using different technologies for her applications (Java, 4GLs, Microsoft and Eclipse technologies) .
Among the people she works with are people coping with chronic health conditions and those who are interested in learning long-term strategies for weight management. 
He is available for all types of studio photography and location photography in his professional and industrial studio, including photo studio photography, location photography and product photography. 
She is currently writing and documenting about health care, education, and infrastructure, which remains vital to the many needs in rebuilding South Sudan. 
Her writings express well the observations that are commonly made by physicians about the world in which they live and work which is dominated by managed care. 
Her area of expertise is industrial production methods. His professional activities include membership in the Association of Technology’s Applied Engineering & Management Group. 
Among her biggest stories were witnessing and reporting on the execution of serial killer Aileen Wuornos and covering the Trull brothers murder trial.
He practices preventative medicine and management of both acute and chronic conditions in people of all ages. Her goal is to help her patients achieve op
He specializes in creative portraiture of children and couples! This ZestyShop is his creative outlet for mixing little things with vintage photography and much!
Her research focuses on epidemiology of respiratory and gastrointestinal viral infections, especially those associated with  norovirus and  influenza viruses. 
His research centers on entrepreneurial motivation and decision-making with a particular interest in the factors that affect entrepreneurial persistence and resilience, as well as her research.
He completed his orthopedic surgery residency program at Northwestern University School in Chicago, and holds a Doctor of Medicine from Georgetown University School of Medicine. Publications 
Dr. Rerko completed her orthopedic residency program at The Ohio State University and fellowship training at The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. ... More information
She is adept at welcoming anxious patients into her practice, especially anxious people of all ages and special needs, and makes it feel as comfortable as anyone.
He provides psychotherapy and mental health services to separated and divorced parents. She also consults with attorneys, professionals, and others. Visit your homes:
He has been a faculty member at Wheelock since 1993 and has taught courses in both the Language and Literacy Department and in the Elementary Education Department.
His background includes experience in business reporting, budgeting, forecasting, financial planning, management and staff accounting, tax reporting, and tax and financial consulting.
he focuses on adventure, photography and street photography – including outdoor and photojournalism – across the world. She loves to shoot outdoor
He and others like her at Methodist are working to make sure the patients and families at the new Methodist Hospice Residence are surrounded by love and light. 
Her playful and energetic images have become a favourite with clients and agencies alike, and he is also able to offer moving image through advertising photography.
His articles have appeared in Comparative Politics, Political Science Quarterly, the European Journal of International Relations, and Politics, and contributed volumes .
Her office provides a full range of dental and restorative services, ranging from crown cleaning to broken tooth repair and general tooth insertion dentistry.
Her passion is in particular the photography of people in low light conditions, so the available photography is street photography, light photography, and photographing.
Her article on aging and hardship in kids has been named among the outstanding aging section and drawn from course papers issued by the American Sociological Association.
Her fascination with nature led to her to specialize in wildlife and nature photography. He lives and works in the Southwestern and Southwest on Block Island, RI
As a Communities In Schools site coordinator, he gets to fulfill his passion to help children get everything they need to succeed in the classroom and beyond.
He is active in case studies focused on developing entrepreneurial finance, business model identification, opportunity management, and entrepreneurial development. Some of her cases are presented as speakers
She works with a range of private clients as well as small commercial businesses and specialises in designing cohesive lighting solutions in conjunction with individual consumer designs. 
He participated in projects related to data analysis. Her research interests include applications of game theory to inventory management and stockpile networks, and queueing operations.
Her research interests include physicians, nurses, and consumers’ interactions with health information technology, as well as developing models of cognitive and behavioral models for health applications.
She received his law degree from the DePaul University in Chicago and his undergraduate degree from Albion College in Michigan. Location:  Via Telephone
Cecil dedicates her practice to representing people who have been injured through the negligence or intentional misconduct of others, including businesses.   
She is currently the Director of the Idaho Drug Information Service , which provides free health care information to consumers across the United States through health care.
Professor Vacca has written numerous articles on intellectual property issues and has taught a variety of intellectual property courses and presented her research throughout the United States. 
Ann attained his doctoral degree in Counseling from the University of Georgia, and his master of degrees in Clinical Psychology from Augusta State University .
She supports a salary for City Council members but thinks citizens might be unwilling to agree to additional costs with the poor state of the economy. 
She has written three reports for the New South Wales Electoral Commission, including one on the regulation of the funding of local government election campaigns . 
His research focuses on digital culture, technology and the interconnection between genders and popular music. Her work has been published mainly in journals such Canadian
He strives to provide innovative thinking with unparalleled experience and knowledge to solve problems. To apply her personal service to the . . . Perryfirmly
This year, she will also be lecturing on K-12 Technology Integration with the Department of Education as an adjunct. Other topics offered by David Hobbs 
He focuses his practice on litigation. He earned his undergraduate degree and law degree from the University of Virginia. Back on the Board of Governors list 
She has published several of her articles in magazines in Brazil, Spain and the United States and has worked as a corporate social responsibility consultant in Brazil. 
She lives and works in Milan among other places, photographing people and innocent objects in everyday spaces, and making life very interesting, with her photography and photographs
Stephanie does a lot of research into the development of children with Down syndrome and then shares his research with parents and professionals from around the world. 
His work has been published in the Journal of Business, the European Economic Review, the Journal of Banking and Development Economics and the Journal of Finance and Business.
Her background ranges from the development of software and storage solutions for geosynchronous satellites and the development of the architecture and virtualization for virtualization. 
He has taught at several universities in the United States and abroad, and has published three books and over 30 articles in professional journals on accounting. See less 
Specializing in bankruptcy and workers' compensation, Attorney Fisher always does her best to protect clients' rights and interests and she also represents her clients in practice.
She graduated from the University of Georgia in 2004 with a doctorate degree in social science and the Interdisciplinary Studies Graduate Qualificative Education Certificate. 
He teaches scenic painting, scene painting and graphic design and supervises theatre scenics productions for all department properties as well as direct the department production.
He is director of a teacher training college and oversees education and training in her capacity as Vice-President of the German Basketball Association 
Her areas of specialization are modern peninsular literature and analysis, narrative and comparative linguistic studies, gender studies, critical discourse theory and literature. 
He lectures and supervises professional training at the Minded Institute and runs Mind Yoga Therapy courses on the major 8-week developments in North London. 
If it were common practice in these particular circumstances he would not have been well aware of the fact and would have expressed the views that she did not.
He has inspired many of her patients and mentors, and has been assisting young psychologists in developing successful private practices over the years with their patients.
He has been representing both individuals and companies throughout Oklahoma for more than 12 years in both family law and commercial matters as well as complex commercial litigation. 
His research examines issues of identification, anonymity, and communication technology use primarily in the workplace and in the use of various collaborating groups. 
He specializes in working in couples, cross-cultural relationships, post-traumatic stress and other areas. She has extensive teaching experience and therapeutic trauma therapy.
Her primary research interests are in the area of comparative discourse studies, glocalization and multilingual media communications in the Greater China region. 
Mr. Harrison practices medicine in Charlotte, NC and specializes in Emergency Medicine. Mrs. Harrison is affiliated with Novant Health Presbyterian Medical Center .
Her legal practice focuses on worldwide brand protection and related matters in the field of developing and implementing programs to combat online counterfeiting and infringement. 
He specializes in the application and implementation of data. This article explores the ongoing evolution of master data management (MDM) procedures at Intel. 
He has been with the clinic since it opened its doors in 2005 when she assisted owner Christian in setting up the office and welcomed its first group of clients.
He has completed editorial and commercial assignments on more than six continents and in more than two dozen countries across the globe. Her BMX photographs are seen
She has been in sexual relationship with her since September. Here is a collection of few attractive photos of her from his Facebook and instagram accounts.
Her teaching and research interests include multicultural and global perspectives in teaching as well as innovative strategies for teaching social studies. 
Her research expertise includes the development and evaluation of innovative health communication and community-based interventions to prevent childhood obesity.     
She already released several photographs and videos about that unique writing style and urban art, which comes from the favelas into the big Brazilian cities. 
He is also the Section Chief in the Education Section of the Utah Attorney General Office responsible for the supervision and management of the Education Section and her staff attorneys.
He holds a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from Southern Methodist University and a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in acting from Florida State University. 
In her role, she has provided technical advice to architects and designers in the construction industry regarding the specification and use of concrete for construction.
She joined the Wright State University faculty in Fall 2011 after four years at the Craig School of Business at California State University, Fresno, CA.
He earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science and Information Systems and holds a minor in Political Science, Management and Philosophy. Carmen C. Lopez 
Leonard has an extraordinarily talented eye for capturing beauty and fashion. She is addicted to story telling, creating beautiful memories, and teaching her clients. 
She provides business and technical support for WebSphere Worldwide Level 2 Business Modeler, WebSphere Business Monitor, WebSphere Space Business Guidance Service. 
Her research interests are preparation of teachers who work with English language learners and the preparation and delivery of reading and writing instruction to teachers of these populations .
Before joining itslearning in secondary school he taught for 13 years. Throughout his career, he has developed a passionate engagement for assessment.
She represents social security disability claimants who have been denied their claims for social security disability benefits and supplemental social security disability insurance and supplemental income compensation.
Cale focuses his practice on the areas of business and commercial litigation and transactions and can assist businesses of all sizes with their legal needs. 
Dr. Javernick completed medical school at Georgetown University School of Medicine in 2004. She completed her residency at Lynchburg Family Medicine in 2008. In 2009 
His research areas include Geographic Information Networked and Volunteered transportation analysis  with a focus on bicycle and public transportation  transportation modes.
She is certified by the Louisiana State Bar Association Board as a Specialization and Tax Administration Specialist in Legal Law and as an Estate Planning Specialist. 
He received her Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice in 1987 and obtained her Juris Doctor degree in 1994 from the New England School of Law. 
Paul – Ramsey County Minnesota Public Health department. He earned his Masters of Science in Public Health (degree in nursing) from the University of Minnesota. He
Her clinical and research interests include primary and secondary child abuse prevention and the impact of maternal and maternal mental health on infant child development.
She graduated from an International College of Business with an Associates Degree in Accounting. She works with clients in the areas of bookkeeping, payroll and payroll taxes.
He joined IBM after finishing her Master's degree at the University of Bristol, and has previously worked on the User Interface Generator and other projects. 
Gary has completed several home courses at the Open University, as well as winning several local photography competitions with her local small camera club in Dover. 
His forthcoming book, "Textual Contraception and Birth Control: Modern American Fiction", is brought out from the Ohio State University Press. The paper includes
He provides clarity, confidence, and capability. A veteran attorney providing high quality, aggressive legal representation and a wide spectrum of other legal services. 
He has published extensively on collaborative approaches to environmental management and implementation, focusing in particular on land use issues. Back to Top News  Events 
She has worked as a United Nations Correspondent with Inter Press Service in New York City and for various national and international media outlets in India. 
Her paintings attempt to transform visual experience into something more durable, unsettling, and occasionally desirable. A process not unlike pickling . 
Prior to that she helped establish OptionsTrade.com and managed the successful development of its active-placing services division at InvestZone Media
She is a former practice owner who understands the many considerations and concerns that may be placed in contemplating the purchase or sale of an accounting practice
Douglas A. Wallace at the Florida Second District Court of Appeal. She has published articles on insect conservation, ecosystem services, and natural and international law. 
Her research interests include linguistic endangerment and language death, language and minority languages, ethnicity of the media, and language and propaganda. 
Her first experience of teaching was volunteering at the same school as her younger sister. His fascination with the process of teaching turned out to be in her career.
He graduated from Stanford in 2004 and advises various entertainment startups in the northern San Francisco Bay Area, in addition to an active private practice. Facebook and news
She is currently working on a masters of science dissertation in international criminal justice on American intervention in Latin America during the Cold War. Comment Shows 
Two months after graduating from Boston University in 1993, he began her television career as a production assistant for ESPN in Bristol, Connecticut. 
He serves as Loss Prevention Partner for the Los Vegas office’s office of professional counsel for lawyers, where she held responsibility for all liability protections.
Having shot reflections in eyes, she used the same techniques on bubbles and captured spectacular panorama images from the reflections and scenes in bubbles.
Her practice, founded with partner April Clark, is focused on contemporary sustainable residential and commercial design and has active projects around the South and Southwest  .
She has worked with clients on personal injury cases involving motor vehicle crashes and enjoyed her role in helping clients get back on their feet after an accident. 
His primary research interests are the sources of international militarized conflict and strategies for international conflict resolution.    Heather Gerken 
She also initiated the robotics club at the school and is mentoring it and has lead the team to win the FTC challenge title and the World Championship.
He is a member of the National Press Photographers Association and the Illinois Press Photographers Association, both of which have recognized his work. See less 
She earned both his Master of Musical Arts and Doctor of Music degrees in Voice Performance from The University of Cincinnati College of Music-Conservatory of Music.
With great experience in software development, marketing and content, he has been working in multiple areas with competitive companies and in many important companies. Main projects 
She earned an undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University in Spanish. He taught at the workshop, and spoke the Spanish language in an entire hour of working it.
For his scholarship on queer history, she has received the National Communication Association's Karl Wallace Memorial Award and Golden Anniversary (Monograph) Award. 
His research interest is in conceptual modeling including its mathematical, linguistic, and philosophical foundations and its application.Inichenschanzhaltnis 
He realized that as the number of microservices increases, and the communication between them becomes more and more complicated. This brought to light new questions: 
Mrs. Roman practices medicine in Indianapolis, IN and specializes in Infectious Disease. Mr. Roman is affiliated with St. Vincent Hospital Indianapolis. 
He also holds an MBA from Cornell University with majors in International Business and Operations Management, and a BSME from her General Motors Institute.
He received her PhD in Cognitive Studies from Teachers College, Columbia University. Her research interests include early literacy instruction, early childhood education and teacher education assessment. 
Her Orange County plastic surgery practice opened in 1985 and continues to cover the full requirements of women, men and women in Southern California and the surrounding area. 
At the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, he provides patient advice and education on chemotherapy and treatment and management of side effects cancer.
Mr. Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment, media, energy, real estate and public technology industries. 
In addition to his work as a reporter and blogger for national and online publications, Melanie is an expert media consultant and can advise on the following: 
He examines three projects that used the adaptive co-management approach to support students who worked autonomously in s groups to produce social innovations.
He has worked with Fountain House focusing on psycho-therapeutic intervention methods and implication of psychological treatment in the rehabilitation and care of mentally disturbed individuals.
He specializes in elbow and shoulder injuries, including challenging conditions such as elbow instability, rotator cuff disease and shoulder stiffness. 
Travelers Limousine is the best limousine company Chicago offers. Travelers Limousine is dedicated to her beauty by offering a high standard:
She is considering whether he would become a sole practitioner, which generates about $200,000 in operating expenses and about $30,000 in operating revenues annually.
Her work addresses the theoretical and practical challenges at the intersections of information history, humanities theory, data theory, information design, and digital criticism. 
He received his Ph.D. in Business Administration from Northcentral University and her Master of Arts degree in Economics from Northeastern University  .
Johnson to George W. Bush. He is currently working on an illustrated history of presidential vacations and retreats for the White House National Historical Association. 
Her work focuses on electrical and computer engineering, with a specialization in methods of artificial intelligence that can be applied to the field of medical imaging.
He performed her first cardiac-assisted robotic operations at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. His clinical research focuses on improving cardiac robot technology and surgical approaches
In 1997 he received the golden medallion from the National Indian Health Board for his contributions to Indian health. He lives in northern California in her country.
She wanted a simple and stylish website for his growing student body. This also included a CMS for schedule information and a selection of available websites.
She recently completed a doctoral dissertation on the exercise of power in private sector collective bargaining based on several months of ethnographic fieldwork. 
His research interests and teaching experience include contemporary American and British drama in close connection with literary stylistics and cultural studies as well as her teaching and translation.
When she's not investigating workplace relationships, he enjoys skiing, traveling with his husband, and watching all of his most embarrassing reality television. 
Her research examines the interaction between criminal justice policies and socioeconomic disadvantage, and the effects they jointly carry on urban neighborhoods, families, and individuals. 
She earned her bachelor's degree in biology from College of the Ozarks and his master of physician assistant studies degree from Missouri State University. 
He is an Assistant Professor and Chair of Commercial Finance at Kozminski University in Poland. Her PhD dissertation has been extensively covered in Islamic Law. 
He has significant courtroom experience and is adept at handling large, complex cases as well as managing defense teams in high-risk, prolonged litigation. 
A computer scientist, he has specialized in artificial intelligence with an emphasis on clinical decision making, problem solving, and problem formulation.  
Donald graduated cum laude with a degree in American Studies from the Georgetown University Law Center, and earned her law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.
Her research and academic interest in language and literacy are gathered from his years teaching mainstream and bilingual high school students in high schools of California and Massachusetts. 
He received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Nursing and his Family Nurse Practitioner Certificate from Purdue University. Sandra currently lives in Naperville . 
Experienced nutritionist and weight loss. She has successfully started to treat various types of joint pain including back and neck pain and extremal pain alternatives. 
Her source of inspiration is Zen and mantra meditation, an original insight into Eastern culture from a European point of view. As with most of European life.
She also serves as chair for the Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Committee and the Acute Coronary Syndrome Committee for the VA Medical Center in Nashville. 
Dr. Hicken practices general dentistry and specializes in orthodontics. She may contact her office to find a referral and appointment time for further care.
Mary is an instructor for Colorado Mountain College, teaching watercolor painting courses. He has won numerous awards for his work, both nationally and internationally. 
He has been involved in publishing, translating, editing and publishing Islamic journals and books. She has travelled widely to seek and teach traditional Islamic knowledge. 
Many people all over the world, including professional photographers, have come to her Instagram page to check out the amazing shots she got over the last few years.
She leads the Functional Materials Engineering Lab and is experimenting in various nanoink-manufacturing materials to achieve flexible green functional electronics and sensors.
Dr. Elaraj received his medical degree from the University of Maryland and completed residency training at the University of Rochester Medical Center  .
His areas of expertise include constitutional law, civil rights, civil liberties, political theory, and her knowledge in the American judiciary and higher education circles.
She has also worked in the sports nutrition departments at the University of Georgia and the University of North Carolina, overseeing athletics and nutrition outreach numerous teams.
She currently teaches the Canadian social history course and is actively conducting research on the history and culture of space and time and the community of identity. 
One of his latest projects is to photograph the inhabitants of this very old neighbourhood and print the shots onto the walls of the streets where they live. 
Since 1997, she has helped teams at IBM and other companies to develop documentation and improve the way they evolve in the user experience for their customers. 
He is grateful for the opportunity she has to fight for justice on behalf of the many individuals in her country living in hard times against the largest corporations. 
She said sharing circles are used to get the predominantly Aboriginal population of the school to address some of the issues they face in their own relationships.  
His new two-year contract with the NEvada Division of Environmental Protection will involve a partnership with another researcher at the University of Michigan. 
His primary teaching responsibilities are in Coaching Education - undergraduate and graduate . Her research interests are in human performance, sport and leadership education. 
Dr. Cornett earned her medical degree from the University of Cincinnati, and completed her residency in general surgery at Wake Forest University Medical and Baptist Medical Center.
She was not interested in politics but after his aunt Benizar death, she wants to be active through her writing rather than through his elected office. 
He concentrates in his practice on health care and estate planning and tax issues that pertain to hospitals, health care systems and other corporate and health care entities.
She began seriously pursuing her passion for writing upon learning that her maternal grandmother had taught herself how to read and how to write in both English and Spanish.
He investigates whether technology and media are associated with cognitive and behavioral differences and cognitive functioning using fMRI and neural assessment of media use.  
He offers services for the greater Detroit area. Featuring her years of dental experience in Detroit, you may schedule an appointment by calling a number. Information
She is actively conducting research in the field of chemical education with special focus on student learning styles within different learning environments as well as his specialty in chemical. 
Her cleanly lit portraits not only show people interacting with their work environments but also catch their eye as they look fresh and dynamic in their own.
He is currently working on the problem of uncertainty and rationality in two different contexts: science in risk management and the use of credit markets and .
He is also an experienced freelance photographer shooting images for clients in the studio as well as for her commercial photography that takes place on location in global market space.
After an eighteen-year training in the entertainment industry she built a career as a photographer and began working at International Center of Photography. 
He has authored more than 80 scientific publications, mainly on working memory, with emphasis on the implications of cognitive factors and her work on memory limitations.
Her working ethos is "To design sustainable buildings which support and promote the physical, mental and spiritual health of all those who use and use them". 
She is a native of the San Fernando Valley and received degrees from the University of Southern California and the University of California San Diego. 
She blogs frequently and is of the opinion that tooth caps are the perfect solution for uneven teeth. She loves cricket and spends her free time learning about subjects
Her research work includes award winning publications and projects in the area of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander health and social work education.  
Her interests include housing affordability and pathways, the links between housing outcomes, housing needs, and labour market analysis, and the analysis of older cohorts. 
She is in private practice in Virginia and also provides therapy for youth in foster care and in the adoptive process via a nonprofit community agency. 
He enjoys helping individuals and small businesses with innovative and specialized solutions for each of her clients and creates strategic planning and tax consulting opportunities for clients.
Her broad counseling and enforcement practice focuses on government and defense matters, antitrust litigation, white collar litigation, and complex commercial disputes and lis.
Her current research and teaching interests include executive decision making, entrepreneurial strategies, organizal diversity, and non-profit organizations. 
He works to address supply chains and other issues related to entrepreneurship. She is a multidisciplinary researcher. She also does this guest post multidisciplinary scholarship
She has 29 years of teaching experience with kindergarten through high school students and 21 years of coaching experience with college students with passing experience in junior high and college.
She concentrates her practice in real estate and urban development with a focus on administrative law and administrative practice with the United States Department of Housing and Development.
Taylor earned his Bachelor of Science degree from Bellarmine University in Louisville and completed his master's degrees at the University of Louisville.  
She earned his bachelor of science degree in nursing from Wright State University and his master of science degree in nursing from the University of   Cincinnati.
He is a member of the Northwestern Faculty of Medicine and an associate professor of Surgery at Northwestern University School of Medicine and the Feinberg Medical Foundation. 
Recently he and her two co-researchers have had papers on the investigations that were published in the Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery respectively.
Randy has established a business model that enables her to make family life a priority while enjoying the aesthetic and personal fulfillment that her work brings. "
She writes extensively for international publications and recently published a book on Industrial Design in the field for students considering a career in the industry in Australia. 
Since finishing her Biology/Studio Art degree at Bates College she has worked on film productions for National Geographic, History Channel and Animal Planet
He has a Life Doctorate from the University College of Chiropractic in New York and is a Certified Sports Chiropractic Physician from the Chiropractic University of Georgia.
He specializes in window design and a full range of lighting treatments for residential and contract clients. She is a certified ALA Lighting Specialist. 
way to talk about criminal justice reform. She says that the “model minority stereotype” tends to ignore when it comes to both the minority community and API
tip. Her private practice continues to offer services to families throughout St. Louis County. Dr. Stuart provides general dentistry services for individuals and children. Client 
He has carried out research and published papers in the areas of Language and Communication, Open Learning , Lifelong Learning  and Professional Development. 
She received her Ph.D. in counseling at University of Missouri-Kansas City and is certified in marriage and family counseling and mental health therapy
She earned his B.S. in Nursing at Far Eastern University, Doctor of Education at Manila Central University and his Masters of Education degree in Nursing Major 
Throughout the many years he has worked with LighterLife to bring an understanding of obesity to the world, while retaining her imagination and enthusiasm.
She joined the Smeal College of Business in 2011 after being on the marketing faculty at the Broad College of Business for two years at Michigan State University.
He has published articles on assignment design and Marxism and sustainable development and is a member of the National Council of Teachers of English. See less 
She was previously employed by a number of companies including News Corporation, Thompson Financial and Roche Pharmaceuticals in a wide range of senior management roles. 
She also holds a joint appointment as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center.
She has extensive experience with corporate taxation working with professional organizations in the construction, manufacturing, distribution, education, service and real estate industries.  
Her research interests focus on urban planning and policy issues including housing, economic development, disaster preparedness, intergovernmental relations, and politics .
Her research interests are in the economic history of Australian industry and political economy and in comparative economic policy structures in capitalist economies and higher political economy. 
His research areas include comparative history of literature, literary theory, postcolonial Francophone literature and her world history of literature and the social sciences. 
His research interests include studies of democratization, interstate conflict, and imposed political systems, and third party involvement in civil wars. 
His research focuses on communication, language acquisition, signed language disorder and the interaction between sign and gesture and the modality in signed and spoken language. 
She uniquely melds her experience from both clinical and private practice environments to provide a high level of holistic care with an extreme amount of detail. 
He provides the highest level of surgical care for all of its patients during the difficult time. Along with her humility and compassion which are very important for them.
His deep breadth of work makes a real impact on social work and her Twitter experience is loaded with articles and advice that are especially helpful for it.
She helps clients from all over the world win cases related to accidents, illness, and personal injury due to their fault or negligence of third parties. 
He received her Doctor of Dental Surgery from Marquette University School of Dentistry and her Masters in Public Health with honors from the University of South Florida. 
Previously, he has helped to build the digital systems for publishing and licensing companies, ranging from stock photography to music streaming and ebook content management.
Her work has been featured in various publications, and is included in his and her permanent collections. She has received numerous awards and recognition for her photographs. 
His philosophy is simple and strives to provide all of her clients with the best service possible, achieve health, fitness and quality in their best body composition environment
She has worked extensively on critical issues in education and tertiary levels of education and adult literacy, school and policy research, and school management.
She said memorizing dance routines can help people with Parkinson’s disease learn to coordinate everyday movements that enable her to orchestrate the difficult. 
She is also president of Global Communication, which promotes literacy and storytelling through creative writing, residencies and performance arts workshops and communication engagements.
Her research interests lie in exploring the interaction of inflammatory and hypertension pathways in cognitive decline and in examining how these pathways may be inhibited.
His numerous research articles in the Journal of Applied Physiology have earned her international recognition in the area of respiratory control.dr> Read 
His music appears through a wide range of media platforms, mainly distributed and represented by internationally operating music labels and music publishers.   
He incorporates elements of traditional and contemporary imagery from his graphic design background to create a playful feel that still pushes boundaries while retaining contemporary.
Specialising in studio still life photography, with particular attention to detail, aesthetics and individuality, Tal produces clean, graphic and stunning imagery. 
He has authored numerous scientific papers as well as inspirational articles that have been published in nationally respected medical journals and journals. This is her second book overall.
He received his Physician Assistant license from Western University of Health Sciences and her Masters of Health Science from Arizona School of Health Sciences.
Her pilot project involves the development of a model to investigate NP skin penetration and  translocation mechanisms to quantify potential toxicological impact. 
Although he represents northern Saline County, she also stands directly for and represents all Arkansans with responsible, transparent and limited public government means. 
She has experience in diagnosing and treating the disease with the best help of latest medical technology and operations. His expertise lies in trauma surgery of patient. 
With an interest in small business and strong organisational and administrative skills, he enjoys providing ideas and solutions for clients to help grow their business. 
During the last five years she zeroed in the Federal Public Security Ministry. There the top law enforcement officials coordinate the fight against public threats. 
He says that only one in five mothers that suffers from depression is actually diagnosed. Typically, only one in five of the women receives treatment.
His practice is national in scope, as demonstrated by her ongoing defense of Cisco Systems in patent infringement lawsuits and   throughout the USA.
She has a special ability to help individuals and business owners understand the complexities of tax and accounting and simplify them for their own benefit and their situations.
Using this exciting new orthodontic technique can help many patients who would otherwise go through their entire lives embarrassed of their smile. Dr. DePaul says: 
Heidi completed his undergraduate and master’s degrees at the University of Wisconsin and Milwaukee and his doctorate at the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 
Peter has extensive experience with client work and personality issues, and she is especially well versed in all types of trauma disorders as well as domestic and family violence
Her captivating landscape images capture the beauty and ruggedness of the surrounding landscape and are a popular memento for tourists as they continue at various retail outlets
His research concentrates on International Political Economy, regional economic integration and globalization (specifically in Europe and in the Western Hemisphere). 
He is a Certified Industrial Hygienist and a Certified Safety Professional. Her research interests are in the development of sensors and instrumentation for measurement
He has done extensive work on corporate dividend policy and has published in the Journal of Banking and Finance and the Journal of Corporate Finance and the Journal of Economics.
His research interests include the integration of emotion and cognition across development, with a particular focus on neural development during adolescence. 
He specialises in employment law and data protection. Additionally, she has experience in concluding and terminating employment agreements and provides advice for clients through 
He has been involved with Linux utilities for over 8 years and currently maintains bridging and routing networking. Steve regularly presents at the Linux support conferences.
She is generally recognised as an authority on stock markets with an uncanny ability to read market trends and identify undervalued companies. See less 
He maintains an extensive litigation practice and represents clients in Iowa’s state and federal courts, focusing on both criminal and civil trial work. 
He has spent 30 years working in the fields of accounting and auditing at the public and corporate levels and brings her experiences to the classrooms of public.
His research explores organizing processes that support individual learning, development, and innovation in dynamic work environments. Follow Chris on her Twitter   .
He has exhibited his paintings both nationally and out of print throughout Connecticut. Shirley paints and teaches art inspired sewing lessons in his studio on Maple Avenue
He specializes in composing epic and orchestral pieces, world music and electronica and occasionally her many masterpieces that blend into diverse genres. 
Her responsibilities include document preparation, construction materials research, site construction and specification,  coordination,  analysis and  client contacts and checks.
He is experienced in matters relating to insurance coverage and insurance product defense, including toxic tort and injury litigation, medical malpractice and civil liability related matters. 
He is the author of the book Management of convergence in innovation   . Her research interests are in corporate innovation and strategic entrepreneurship.
Her central early intellectual concern is exploring the transformation of the relations between modern society and society through the use of assumed and accepted ways of political household dependence problems.
The filter of his memory appears to fill in the inevitable mix of personal experience and history, and what she retains is deeply important and her own. 
He is focused on fostering excitement and curiosity in the science classroom. Sanderson received the 2010 Amgen Award for Science Teaching Excellence. 
Before entering higher education, James spent 8 years teaching elementary and high school physical education. He has been working in physical education since 2002 at her teacher position.
He is interested in social web and machine learning in general, semantic filtering, artificial intelligence and information retrieval, and productivity tools in general.
She also studies liability laws and their effect on industry, federalism, and international climate negotiations as well as related environmental incentives. Return to top
He graduated from the University of California at Davis in September 2005. Her research interests pertain to the applications of mathematics in biology and physiology of .
For more than ten years, he has also taught intellectual property law and business to graduate business students at Northeastern University in Boston. 
She is certified through the National Council on Strength and Fitness, and specializes in strength training and osteoporosis prevention for women and seniors. 
He has been married and happily writing for over 40 years and has three children and nine grandchildren. Her fascination with history and reading has led her to happiness.
She has taught numerous online courses in South Carolina and Korea through asynchronous sessions with students, synchronous completion of Adobe Connect classes, and live broadcast 
Inversions, which require focus and connect, and arm balance and balance are her favorite poses. All his classes have great strength and athletics ...
She is available for international, editorial and corporate field assignments with particular interest in working with humanitarian NGO's in post-conflict regions. 
His work centers around dark themes and compositions and mixes elements of painting, sketching and photo manipulation to create some of her most truly unique art pieces.
He also practices clinical neurology at the Partners Multiple Sclerosis Center at Massachusetts General Hospital and Women’s Hospital at Brigham-Branham Boston.
She has a heart and passion for helping women who have broken relationships with them, especially with men who have been dysfunctional and broken with their mothers.
She teaches presentation, public speaking, legal and organizational communication and advocacy. He brings experience from the legal professions, public speaking and legal backgrounds.
He has lectured extensively on spinal techniques throughout Europe and in the United States. He is also involved with the development of new spinal and surgical innovations .
His research focuses on fiscal and monetary policies, and exchange rate regimes with a particular interest in macroeconomic policy in developing countries and countries.
He completed her Residency and Internship program at New York Medical College after graduating from University of Pennsylvania Dental College in May 2009.onlyin
During his long career he has completed training in both professional and clinical psychology as well as in educational and legal psychology. Her work has also been 
He is being honored for his outstanding research contributions in the areas of optical networking, wireless networking, and sensor networks, including her work in wireless sensor networks.
She received her doctor of pharmacy degree from Oregon State University in 2006 and completed a specialty primary care residency with Providence Physician Division in Portland, Oregon .
He develop educational materials for developing thinking skills in preschoolers. It uses some elements of classical TRIZ as well as a strong set in math.
He discusses having a lawyer or credit counselor who looks at bankruptcy counsel and sometimes suggests that navigating the original loan documents may be helpful to many.
She has served as a clinical project leader at the Christiana Care Visiting Nurse Association while completing graduate studies at the University of Delaware. 
He has published articles in journals including the IEEE Business Review, Journal of Marketing Research, Journal of Engineering Management, and the Journal of Marketing and Publishing Research.
During her professional career, Mauricio has collaborated in several legal firms representing different Mexican banks and institutions in important infrastructure projects in Mexico. 
She is in the firm’s compliance group, where she focuses her practice on providing legal and regulatory assistance to corporate compliance and financial compliance institutions. 
She has taught social work policy courses for more than a decade, and has also written several journal articles and book chapters on policy and policy practice. 
His research interests center on the design, use, implementation, and effects of communication technology in interpersonal and interpersonal contexts and in collaborative work. 
His current areas of research interest include information finance, computer performance modeling, computational capacity research, system architecture, and computer benchmarking studies of system 
She wrote this entry in a religious journal while doctoral candidate—Historical Studies Theology at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 2007–
He is responsible for defining the technical account strategy and coordinating the technical activities to be undertaken with respect to the   European Institutions.
She has published more than 40 papers and two books on technologies related to database management, object-oriented programming, and   Web technologies.
She obtained his Bachelor of Science in clinical nutrition from UC Davis after four years, during which time he participated in several internships in different nutrition 
He has also previously been the Vermont State Representative of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners, and President of the Vermont Nurse Practitioners' Association. 
He has more than four years experience in the treatment of veterans and completed her internship and post-doctoral training within the VA Boston Healthcare System. 
She writes regularly for The Irish Times as well as the Weekend and Health Supplement section. He is also a frequent contributor in the national press and features.
She received a BA in psychology from Yale University as well as a PhD in administrative studies and an MA in organizational psychology from the University of Michigan.
James concentrates in her practice on complex commercial litigation, including business tort arbitration, contract disputes, employment disputes, matters of law, and commercial security. 
She assists clients in the formation, planning and dissolution of corporations and limited liability companies. He also assists with real estate planning and estate maintenance matters. 
He provides both in-person and virtual counseling and has created an audio self study program to help couples work through the five common issues that plague relationships. 
She is currently principal at Uzanto Consulting where he specialises in business and technology analysis and practices in the field of user experience design and requirements.
She has published articles in journals such as the Journal of Biblical Studies, the Catholic Quarterly and the Journal for the Study of the New Testament.Her more
His experience in architectural design ranges from small to large multifamily residential projects, assisted living centers for seniors, residential and commercial buildings and local recreational projects.
She is well recognised for her work in his profession and has published in many medical research journals. Her work has also won many awards from various professional organizations.
He concentrates in his practice in the areas of commercial and real estate servicing and has experience in matters related to mortgage fraud prosecution and mortgage civil litigation. 
She focuses her practice on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, trademark prosecution, and patent prosecution. Related Articles 
She conducts many mission study trips abroad and has participated in the annual medical course in Mexico. She volunteers for the local indigent health clinics.
His research emphasizes the application and testing of game theoretic principles in understanding how business responds to asymmetric information problems.  
He focuses on complex civil business litigation and also represents individuals and companies in investigations,  prosecutions,  regulatory matters and  nationwide.
Dicke College of Business Administration at Ohio Northern University. His research interests include: business-to-business relationships and   marketing strategy.
Many of his cases have set important legal precedents in the area of governmental responsibility, especially for injury caused by dangerous prisoners and mental patients. 
Marc was looking for a website that would showcase her photography and also provide a easy way for customers to purchase their images via the Internet. 
Her area of interest is the English-language theatres of Malaysia and Singapore, and she has published several articles and book chapters on this subject so far.
Additionally, he serves as the Chief of Interventional Pain Management at the VA New York Harbor Healthcare System in New York City. Who Should Participate 
She operates John Sisson Photography Services and is also an Assistant Director of Career and Alumni Relations at the School of Photography at the Art Institute of Chicago. 
An analysis of student data helped him identify students with asthma, implement effective interventions, assist students in improving school attendance at    .
He graduated from the City University of New York. He has an interest in teaching other health care professionals about the special needs of older adults.  
Since 1985 her projects have won fourteen Minnesota AIA National Honor Awards and sixteen AIA National Honor Awards, including a National Award for  Architecture.
He received her B.S. and M. Ed. degree in Psychology from West Virginia University and has additional graduate study at Springfield College in Massachusetts. 
She provides routine cleanings and services such as tooth whitening and cavity fillings. Please call an appointment during normal business hours for regular dental treatments.
Over the past 15 years, he has performed thousands of operations, and utilizes established and innovative techniques to enhance the lives of her patients. 
She earned a Master of Fine Arts degree from University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Arts from Polytechnic California State University Pomona.
She is responsible for the Business Intelligence functionality within the Maximo product lines, which includes application analysis, KPIs and reporting. 
he started mixing about four years ago and is now introducing new sounds and new creativity... Her new tracks will soon be made available to full production...
Williams teaches advanced corporate finance to undergraduates. In addition to teaching, her research focuses on behavioral biases and market efficiency in general. 
He studies how both intellectual property and creative labor are shaping and storing information that is shaped and communicated by digital systems for digital forms and communications.
Recently, he has also been a visiting professor of psychology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and of management at City University of Hong Kong. 
She has been chairman of the Transportation Research Board’s Committee on Air Quality and Environment since 1997. She has published an article on environ-
She is an experienced and successful family attorney and Sacramento divorce lawyer who is committed to providing his clients with the best legal representation at every possible moment. 
She is the Program Coordinator for the Master of Arts in Christian Counseling Degree Program. He teaches in both undergraduate and graduate programs in psychology and counseling.
Mr. Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment, media, energy, real estate and public technology industries. 
In addition to her faculty position at Villanova University he also serves as a consultant to the University Counseling Center providing counseling for students with eating disorders
He has authored over 35 international journals and conference papers, and his research interests include research in thermodynamics in the energy and power industries. 
Her research looks into maternal mortality in Honduras in a comparison with Guatemala to examine the "historical and structural influences on maternal mortality." 
He has always declined students’ attempts to friend her on Facebook because she wants to maintain a personal and professional distance from her students and from her students.
She is pleased to provide attentive, professional and leading edge care and treatment to Toronto facelifting patients, face contour, body plastic surgery and facial treatments.
He combines her natural appearance with her extensive medical training and surgical interventions in order to give patients a seamless, refreshed, and artistic blend. 
he shares tricks and tips. The secrets that models learn behind the scenes from professional makeup artists, photographers, and others in the  industry like 
His research focuses on the food safety conditions in Texas childcare centers, including the behaviors, knowledge, and attitudes of foodservice workers. 
Her education includes a PhD in nutrition from Tufts University and more than twenty years' experience in nutrition-related courses in various Asian countries.
Her research interests focus on the mechanisms of neurogenic hypertension and associated cardiovascular diseases, particularly novel targets for the development and management of these diseases in treatment.
She is the founder of Tooth Aid Inc. which is set up to provide quality dentistry to people who would otherwise not have access to in developing countries.
He has over 50 publications in international journals and conference proceedings on Systems Theory, Modeling   , and Computer Simulation and Software Engineering.
His motivation has been shaped by a background in environmental science and international development along with a desire to document history and to tell important stories. 
Together with her wife, Kay, Lawrence has served overseas in both international and professional missions and in the world of traditional English language teaching and teacher training 
He has specialized in various Transpersonal Therapeutic techniques, has presented at national and international conferences, and has often published in international trade journals and international publications.
As an undergraduate at Simmons College he obtained degrees in Physiology and Chemistry at Harvard Medical School, while conducting research in Women’s Studies. 
He has been on the forefront of the cosmetic dental revolution for years, working on celebrity smiles and confidence concerns with the latest approaches and technologies. 
His board certification in Internal Medicine, Integrative and Holistic Medicine and Anti Aging & Regenerative Medicine lays down her insight into what is more
She has worked with many supermodels and celebrities who have a lot of desire to develop and present their portfolios to the agencies and managements.
Gianna serves on the national board for the National Organization of Minority Architects and spends his time mentoring and advocating for youth and women.
He was formerly the Director of the Metabolic Program at Boston Children's Hospital and currently serves as an attending physician within the program. 
Her private practice focuses on families and children, and about half of her clients come to her to address discipline issues.  He lives in Philadelphia.
Since 2004 she has conducted research in both Israel and the West Bank and has written his dissertation on land divisions and social conflicts in and within Israel. 
He has provided articles for the Wisconsin Diabetes Mellitus Guidelines and regularly contributes to the Wisconsin Diabetes Research and Medical Society's Essential Diabetes Section. 
