Counterfactuals of small test texts (<= 32 tokens)
Him research interests include international communication, media coverage of Muslims, Islamic material culture and postcolonial criticism . He can be contacted at
Him favorite memory from school was in 6th grade when he and him classmates had the opportunity to throw water balloons at the principal during field day.
She understands that many clients are not familiar with the legal system, and will work to make their experience as comfortable as possible . Firm Information
She has experience in all aspects of project finance and has been instrumental in the successful closure of projects in virtually all areas of economic...more ›
Hers practice involves defending products liability, construction, professional liability, liquor liability and general liability lawsuits, as well as representing parties ...
She has published extensively on breast cancer risk and management, breast cancer diagnosis and treatment, and is the author of more than 250 articles.
Professor Henderson has been acting both on stage and on screen since 1985 . He is also the founder of Performing Arts for Social Change at Cornell University.
Previously she was a software architect for Microsoft working with its top-tier enterprise and ISV customers defining architecture and designing solutions.
He regularly takes part in continuing education and has obtained him Certificate of Training in Adult Weight Management from the American Dietetic Association.
Prior to that, he attended University of Wisconsin Medical School and completed internship at University of Southern California and residency at University of Illinois.
Hers research and extension efforts focus on management of forests and riparian areas with a particular concentration on the interaction of fire within these systems.
He implements technology-based inquiry science curricula and related professional development programs in high schools across the country with demonstrated student learning gains.
He has previously worked for the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and has prepared submissions on the FoFA reforms for consumer groups.
Hers areas of expertise are gerontology, social/community psychology and public policy . She currently serves as chair of the National Coalition of Consumer
He received him PhD from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and completed him pediatric psychology internship and postdoctoral fellowship training at Brown Medical School.
Joani earned him Master of Music Education degree from Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana and is currently a doctoral candidate at Boston University.
He has received funding from a number of professional accounting bodies for research in sustainability accounting and reporting and publishes in leading academic accounting journals . Partners
She has been a developer in the industry for 12 years and has worked on both small scale and enterprise projects with thick and thin client front ends.
He has counseled patients in cardiac rehabilitation clinics for over eight years and for the past five years he has taught heart-healthy cooking classes.
She specializes in tax preparation and serves individuals and small businesses . Call hers office for more information on hers practice or to schedule an appointment.
He provides many key insights into adopting an attitude of abundance and provies specific tasks for the listener to complete at the end of each lesson.
Hers research interests cover distance learning, physics education and material science . Hers work has been published in both local and international journals.Abstract
Him research and teaching interests are in the areas of physical and engineering properties of foods, food/dairy processing and food safety engineering . More>
Hers research on intercultural competence and dealing with cultural disparity gives her unique insight into ways individuals and teams can work effectively across cultures.
Him primary areas of focus are community corrections and correctional rehabilitation . He has published several articles and book chapters on both of these issues.
She teaches the fundamental principles of perception for constructing images that realistically and accurately interpret the anatomical architecture and movement of the human figure.
She received hers BA in Mathematics Education from Mercyhurst College in Eric, Pennsylvania, and hers PhD in Mathematics from the University of South Carolina.
Throughout hers career she has held several professorship and medical director positions in both Tennessee and Georgia . She has two daughters and one grandchild.
Hers essay will be particularly relevant to readers interested in postsocialism, in democratization movements, and in relationships between politics and media.
He originally wrote this story for him daughter when he was in the second grade . Susan decided to publish it years later after the birth of him granddaughter.
He has just completed a report that looks at issues that include African-American business ownership . He says assistance programs need to streamlined.
She received hers undergraduate degree in History and Geography from the University of California at Berkeley and hers masters degree in Teaching from the University of Chicago.
She has won numerous awards for hers reporting over the past 20 years, including first place for business coverage from the Wisconsin Newspaper Association in 2011.
He will be present each day and will help to ensure that the camp runs smoothly by helping to coordinate various activities and supervisor the daily camp counselors.
Jackson School of International Studies at the University of Washington . Him research, writing, and teaching focus on Indian politics and political economy of development.
Hers interests include Native American writing and rhetoric, composition pedagogies, and histories of writing technologies . Writing Studies and Composition
He has experience developing Web applications and recently joined the Voice Toolkit development team . Creating Voice Applications with Reusable Dialog Components
She is currently the Medical Director of the Helen and Arthur E Johnson Depression Center and the Behavioral Health Director for the HIV Clinic at University Hospital.
She has been responsible for accountancy training to a variety of organisations, including open courses; ranging from small businesses to major quoted companies.
With over 15 years software development and consulting experience, she has a proven track record in translating business and functional requirements into technical realization.
With several schools under hers belt . She has a strong background in fine arts and utilizes that knowledge and experience in hers photographic endeavors.
He spent him early career in litigation and insurance defense work, followed by 10 years as general counsel for a national real estate investment trust.
Hers profiles of conservatory faculty members retiring in 2011 will appear in the upcoming issue of Oberlin Conservatory magazine . Comment on this article
He works at the National Academy for Parenting Research where he leads a team of researchers who evaluate the programmes appearing on the Commissioning Toolkit.show more
She has taught business management for many years in the vocational system, and has written five successful books covering all aspects of small business management.
She says if the women prevail, athletic departments at schools where athletes have been accused of sexual assault could be vulnerable to similar suits.
In him former private law practice, which involced extensive litigation work, he advised clients concerning business law and sexual harassment issues.
He is currently employed as an Information Officer by the National Youth Development Trust, a youth focused civil society organisation in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.
Hers strategies are considered a model for others in the newspaper publishing business who are contemplating the complexities of cross-media publishing."
He is a retired Chair of the Education Committee for the Mental Health Professional Group of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine . American Fertility Association
Brown graduated before standardized patients were used, and he knows how much they would have helped him feel more comfortable interacting with patients.
He is a licensed clinical psychologist with expertise in the areas of eating disorders and the development of parenting interventions in the context of disordered eating.
Lewis School of Nursing at Georgia State University . He has published several articles and has conducted funded research on the identification and prevention elder abuse.
Hers extensive and varied travels inform hers own architecture and life . She frequently stays in Paris between projects to enjoy the architecture, food and wine.
Over the years, people have been converting their travelling time into learning time by listening to hers motivational speeches through mobiles and iPods.
She has experience representing clients in complex civil and constitutional litigation in state and federal courts, political and election law matters, and appeals.
East End Arts executive director Pat Snyder approached him about the space there when he heard the school was looking to lease in downtown Riverhead.
Him research focuses on linking functional traits of plants and their evolutionary history with current ecological processes in order to understand the organization of plant biodiversity and its consequences.
Hers songs/arrangements are being used in churches across America every Sunday and have proven themselves to be very effective in touching the hearts and lives of others!
Him teaching and research focuses on program evaluation and nonprofit management, and he is the coordination of the Graduate Certificate in Nonprofit Management.
Hers research focuses on how government agencies, stakeholder groups, and the public can use collaborative strategies to improve democratic practice and policy outcomes.
She is a parent of two students in the Rochester City School District and an active community organizer and founding member of the Community Education Task Force.
Him research interests include the study of transgression and discipline in contemporary culture with a particular emphasis on the prison system, dark tourism and popular culture.
She has decades of experience performing successful cosmetic surgeries and reconstructive surgeries, and hers reputation among patients and peers is unmatched.
Him research interests involve in investigating and characterizing the reaction mechanism of metabolic enzymes essential for cellular functions such as protein turnover.
Kate and him team have an unexpected camping adventure and gain further understanding of how local people live when they get stuck in the middle of nowhere.
She has created a number of practical resources to help beginning photographers Learn Engagement Photography, as well as providing information about Learning Wedding Photography.
He provides legal advice to a variety of high-profile IP owners both locally and internationally and to several world-leading pharmaceutical companies.
He specializes in Middle East and Ottoman history . He has published articles in such journals as Turkish Studies Association Journal and the Arab Studies Journal.
Dr. Hopkins attended University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, where she received hers dental degree, and completed hers residency at Oklahoma University.
He received him Ph.D. from University of Tennessee in Knoxville, Tennessee . Him research interests include Human Resource Management and Health Care Administration.
He has been training in gyms and at home for over 10 years and has had tremendous success in helping people lose weight and achieve the bodies they want.
Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University . Hers research interests include empirical and theoretical industrial organization, especially those related to the regulation.
She is currently licensed to practice medicine in California . She is affiliated with San Gorgonio Memorial Hospital and Moreno Valley Community Hospital.
He received him undergraduate degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati . He received him graduate degree in nursing from Emory University in Georgia.
He was an SEIU Local 535 activist at La Clinica before becoming its medical director and then the medical director for the Community Health Center Network.
Him interests include academic interventions and consultation, development of early math skills, and intervention efficiency, generalization, and maintenance.
A frequent speaker for Adobe and Pictage, she has been featured in such publications as Rangefinder, Professional Photographer and American Photo.show more
Hers research interests include human-environment interactions, urban climate and sustainability and the environmental impacts of urbanization . Printer-friendly version
She was an investigative reporter for the San Francisco Examiner and San Francisco Chronicle and has won the George Polk Award and other journalism honors.
Hers work has been published in the Canadian Review of American Studies, African American Review, and The Greenwood Encyclopedia of African American Folklore.
He received a BS in psychology and an Mr in clinical psychology from Illinois State University and a PhD in counseling psychology from Michigan State University.
Hers research interests include spoken dialogue and speech interfaces, biomedical and health analytics, and Artificial Intelligence in general . Expand all sections
She taught history in Montreal for a decade before returning to the United States . She is the author of one previous book about the American Revolution.
He has been teaching at RIT since 2006 and previously was the Materials Development and Product Design Engineer for Toyota, General Motors and Delphi.
Hers practice primarily involves representing individuals who have been injured as the result of the fault of others, and representing individuals who have been injured at work.
He received him PhD in clinical psychology from the University of Iowa and completed him clinical psychology internship at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine.
He has a particular expertise in understanding how youth grasp, consume, and are impacted by media and technology inside and outside of the classroom.
Hers public policy focus is on the international and domestic law of terrorism, and the relationship between international law and the U.S. Constitution.
She is passionate about writing for the forensic assessment, forensic psychology and anxiety counselling concept to help society to overcome and live stress free life.
Hers full profession has actually been devoted to the follow of Family Regulation having an emphasis in sophisticated asset division and military divor ...
She was introduced to color science in the printing industry and has been training, teaching and supporting others in color management for over 14 years.
Him work often references the art and traditions of Arabic, African, Egyptian and other cultures . He is actively involved in community cultural affairs.
She received the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for articles exposing corruption in the entertainment industry . She lives in Southern California with hers wife and two children.
He has also recently branched into specialist and creative furniture restoration – and him pieces can be seen in galleries and stores around Sydney . Read more
Him research and consulting focus on U.S. and international issues of information policy, corporate best practices, data privacy, and technology regulation.
She is widely considered a potential future replacement for CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather when Rather steps down from the anchor desk in March 2005.
Ms . Ng has had extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and successful commissioning and financing in the solar energy sector.
She devotes a large portion of hers practice to free legal help for immigrants in the community, and has successfully represented numerous asylum applicants.
She has worked on applications ranging from speech recognition systems to web applications throughout hers career . Andy is the technical architect of Laika.
He teaches undergraduate and graduate special education courses . Him research interests include education and literacy issues of diverse populations . Back to top
He also has expertise in helping women recover from a variety of disorders including anxiety and depression, improve relationships, and cope with sexual health difficulties.
He has worked at school level and with Oxford University Press on developing English and History curriculum resources for the Australian Curriculum . Big Ideas History 7: Australian Curriculum
She travels the world capturing people and their homes on behalf of the major publishing houses, in addition to working on hers own photographic projects.
Him area of expertise is the development of civic spaces serving communities whose needs reside at the intersection of architecture, urbanism, and performance.
Hers shorts have screened internationally in renowned film festivals including the Cannes Film Festival, Los Angeles Short Film Fest, and Edinburgh Film Festival.
He currently serves on the Phoenix Environmental Quality Commission and is a member of the Arizona League of Conservation Voters Education Fund board.
He has litigated cases in diverse areas including labor and employment matters, governmental and municipal tort liability, insurance coverage and criminal law.
Him research interests and publications include reflection, learner and teacher autonomy in language education including the connections between both processes.
She will develop a comprehensive system for evaluating the clinical skills of residents based on direct observation and explore the validity of this system.
He recently traveled with The Center for International Understanding to explore sustainable energy practices in Denmark . He is a new member of the North Carolina Geographic Alliance.
Hers precise blending of the highly personal with the universal seems to allow her to embody any perspective that she wants to in an immediately convincing fashion.
She is interested in the use of interactive and dynamic learning technologies in support of mathematical modeling in school mathematics and in preservice and inservice mathematics teacher development.
She received the Distinguished Service Award for outstanding service to the American Association of State Colleges of Agriculture and Renewable Resources.
Hers keen aesthetic skills and knowledge of the latest and most innovative surgical and non-surgical techniques help individuals achieve their cosmetic and reconstructive surgery goals.
He uses a holistic approach to determine what services him clients qualify for and takes the time to explain every option thoroughly with each individual client.
He has more than two decades of experience in New York City tax policy and extensive knowledge of data analysis, database development, and systems design.
Him interests include postsecondary challenges of under-represented populations, career readiness, and supervision of school counselors . Teaching Interests:
Hers research interests focus on professional school counselor advocacy competence and the use of strengths based approaches by school counselors in helping students from diverse backgrounds.
She is recognised in the fitness industry for hers extensive knowledge and for more than 10 years of experience transforming the health, bodies and lives of clients.
He has served as a financial manager to a large nonprofit organization and presents courses on managing personal and organizational finances . See less
She has ongoing intellectual commitments to the landscapes and communities of the northern Rio Grande where she has directed archaeological fieldwork each summer ...
He has 25 years of professional experience in intelligent transportation systems and traffic operations, transportation safety, simulation and modeling, and sustainable transportation.
She has extensive experience with historic renovations, with adaptive reuse of commercial and institutional projects, and with single and multi-family residential design.
She likewise serves as the Director of Prison Programs overseeing prison extension education in six maximum security prisons in four southeastern states.
Eric has had much experience with developing applications that have enhanced user experiences . She will be discussing the design process with Chris Bernard.
He has taught a number of classes that help to facilitate the creation of middle level teachers . Key Research Interests: A partnership to improve mathematics achievement
She is approachable and has a willingness to share hers knowledge and experience while providing an opportunity to learn from hers own work examples and portfolio . ”
Him primary research interests are in the areas of trust and security of distributed computing environments and data privacy with a specific interest in privacy protection
She is involved in various virtualization efforts within IBM, including AIX virtual appliances, its lifecycle management, and cloud computing initiatives.
Hers special areas of interest include healthy lifestyle promotion, disease prevention, pediatric and adolescent health concerns and chronic health condition management.
With 26 years of federal service, she retired in 1993 as deputy undersecretary of Defense and director of the Defense Technology Security Administration
He is currently serving as special advisor to the Provost and associate director of the Center for Advanced Study of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education.
Hers years of research into the human nervous system and the brain lead to the discovery of a spinal cord cooling process used by almost all medical institutions today.
She and hers colleagues published a study online this week in the Journal for Health Care Quality about the major shortcomings in the way patients are tracked after treatment.
He has been called upon to investigate on-going complaints in the educational arena as well as analyze the efficacy of investigations conducted by districts.
He has taken photos of horses involved in numerous equestrian competitions and events throughout the world including dressage, show jumping and eventing.
She is currently studying an MFA in poetry at the University of Massachusetts . She also holds degrees in philosophy and architecture from the University of Melbourne.
He has 18 years of photography experience . Christy Forrester Photography has received approximately 40 profile views in the last three months . Service Details
He was previously a social worker in field and residential settings in the statutory sector and has explored developments in practice in a number of publications.
With a strong background in childhood education with formal qualifications in Early Childhood education, Special Education as well as a Masters degree...click for more
Nicole Benson has been helping individuals capture their special moments for the past three years . Nicole established himself after completing an apprenticeship with another established photographer.
Him studio is located in the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and it is this landscape that is the perfect source of inspiration for much of him mixed media work.
Him college student short documentary Family Story was officially selected by China Independent Film Festival in 2013 and Chinese Documentary Festival in 2013.
She has been awarded the 1996 Samuel Litman Distinguished Professor Award in Engineering and the 1998 Joseph Mr . Biedenbach Distinguished Service Award.
Hers interest in statistics stems from hers desire to use mathematical thinking and concepts to aid investigations of issues such as those found in social policy or education.
She also provides psychological assessment for Social Security application . She is familiar with refugee populations and can provide testing to document for developmental disability.
He is specifically interested in assessing educational approaches to identify the most efficient ways to meet a variety of student learning needs in higher education.
Hernandez uses this relationship to try to encourage character development in him students while challenging them academically through differentiated instruction.
Him research interests include the use of young adult literature in middle school and secondary programs, and vocabulary development of older learners.
Hers researches in geomorphology and in risks geography explain hers participation to international programs on disaster prevention, in Europe and in Asia.
Him expertise includes disaster and crisis management, vulnerability and resilience assessment, environmental policy governance, environmental justice, and social network analysis.
He is currently working on pre production for an upcoming web series and will be volunteering at the Philadelphia Film and Animation Festival from September 27-29.
She is a working party member of the Complementary and Integrated Therapies Interest Group established by the Clinical Oncological Society of Australia.
Him research emphasizes conservation biology though a study of wildlife population changes as a consequence of habitat degradation and fragmentation . Read full announcement.
He received him Master of Science degree in Nutrition from Case Western Reserve University and completed him dietetic internship at University Hospitals Case Medical Center.
When he ’ s not taking poetic, moving photographs, he studies Biological Conservation and Environmental Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Burke began him investigation into the history of Storer College as part of him doctoral research at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
He is also a Functional Medicine Practitioner, helping people suffering from chronic illness and chronic pain issues to find relief and become healthy again.
She has chronicled the Tour de France and the 2002 Soccer World Cup and has contributed to numerous French Magazines and newspapers, including Liberation.
She is also the Information Systems Librarian which encompasses various library related information systems, search and discovery services and data repositories.
Hers research focuses on intergovernmental relations in Canadian social policy, as well as the politics of social and economic development strategies in Ontario and Quebec.
Hers compositons are many and varied and this site lists some one hundred works, along with recordings and information of forthcoming and past performances.
She is the associate dean for academic affairs and strategic initiatives and the director of the program for post-professional degrees in architecture.
She is also an expert in reputation management and offers the following comments on what steps Rupert Murdoch should take in regard to hers PR and reputation.
She produces films that expose and/or confront various aspects of the cultural friction in Israel and strategies which everyday people employ to deal with them ...
She graduated from Oklahoma State University where she completed hers doctorate in computer science . Hers interests include high performance computing and computational intelligence.
She also maintains an active income tax planning and estate planning practice for individuals and couples to preserve holdings for future generations . Read more…
He focuses him practice on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, trademark prosecution and patent prosecution . Good to know
She is chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery and medical director of University Neurosurgery at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois.
Hers architecture training gives her the unique perspective of seeing the environment as a landscape and the products as structures within . View other products by Josh Jakus
Hers practice area involves errors on credit reports, unlawful debt collection practices, unfair lending practices, student loans, and automobile repossessions.
He is the convenor of the School of Education ’ s Science and Mathematics Learning and Research Cluster and Director of the Research Center for Transformational Games.
Hers research interests include the foundations of information representation and description and issues of expression and encoding in documents and digital information resources.
He believes in opening up communication and understanding between partners or within yourself, to allow destructive patterns to be broken and potentially foster growth and change.
Hers commitment to excellence is derived from hers extensive academic training, strong sense of patient care and a passion for restoring form and function.
Him research focuses on the intersection between health care and justice agencies . He also collaborates with federal agencies on large-scale data collection projects.
She joined the Institute in September of 2014 and litigates cases promoting economic liberty, free speech and property rights in state and federal court.
Before heading into the journalism field he worked in the book industry and discovered a passion for Russian literature . A serial winker and optimist.
He is a conference and court interpreter and published translator primarily in the areas of law, corporate communications, and advanced technologies.
Sam is a former high school teacher who is passionate about making science information accessible to the public and promoting healthy behaviors and a positive body image.
She was the founding Executive Director of DesignSingapore Council, the government agency responsible for integrating promotion and development of Singapore
Him most recent experience involved working on a school-based research model that promoted collaborations between researchers and educators/practitioners.
She has over 20 years of experience as a Human Sexuality educator and consultant, lecturing, publishing articles and holding workshops throughout the country
Him main area of interest is information security with focus on end-users security behaviors . Especially he has studied how users ’ professional values ...
She works primarily with representatives of insurance companies, including claims attorneys and members of claims staff, providing civil litigation defense services.
He has evaluated over seven hundred incarcerated individuals . With him background, he is uniquely qualified to integrate behavioral health information with medical information.
Him work includes numerous photoshoots for fashion photographers as well as promotional events . He is available for fashion and print projects internationally.
Him research explores dimensions of popular participation in performance, with particular focus on placemaking, teaching artistry and reflective practice.
Hers practice focuses on the buying, selling and financing of businesses, as well as governance issues, operational matters and strategic relationships.
Dr. Taylor was named a Member of the Order of Canada for hers humanitarian contributions to improving medical services and surgical care in the developing world.
She is an award winning researcher in the areas of corporate finance and financial intermediation with special research interests on venture capital, priv ...
She has represented plaintiffs and defendants in state and federal courts across the country in a wide variety of complex commercial litigation matters.
He is also a Florida Certified Public Accountant, which allows him to bring an exceptional background in business and family planning to him practice.
She works under an independent production company called Highertribe Productions and spends hers days coordinating the Screenwriting Center for Columbia College.
Him aim and vision is to create beautiful smiles and promote proper oral health care whilst mantaining good interpersonal relationships with every patient.
After retiring from KPMG at the end of 2011 she spent two years in Canada working on the development of international public sector accounting standards.
Dr. Dangerfield received hers undergraduate education in Biochemistry at the University of Utah and hers Medical Degree from Wayne State University...Read More
Hers research in the cognitive science of language draws on behavioral experiments and computational modeling to inform theories of language production, perception, and acquisition.
She also holds a Certificate of Proficiency in the Treatment of Alcohol and other Psychoactive Use Disorders from the American Psychological Association."
Him clinical experience is in medical speech pathology, specializing in rehabilitation of adults with neurological communication, cognitive, and swallowing disorders.
Hers main fields of research and teaching are the history of political parties, comparative history of European political systems and the history of journalism.
More information Frank L. Burg is a certified safety professional and a registered professional safety engineer who has made occupational safety and health hers life's
Ms . Mcclain has been actively working in environmental law for some years, and is a former Enforcement Attorney with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency.
A decade of demonstrating that alternate career paths work while focusing on big ideas and implementation gives her a platform for influence all over the world.
Dole Veterans Affairs Medical Center . She received hers medical degree from University of Kansas School of Medicine and has been in practice for 29 years.
Writing has been an interest of hers for almost just as long and writing stories for children seems a natural extension of hers professional experiences.
She currently enrolled at the University College London studying human sciences . She currently writes for an independent local journal in hers local area.
He is editor of travel and lifestyle website LiveShareTravel, offering up inspirational features from professional writers exploring each corner of the globe.
She received hers PhD in Social Psychology at Miami University . Hers research examines how motivational and emotional states influence cognition and behavior.
Hers private practice involves a range of different psychological services including counselling and psychotherapy for individuals and couples who are struggling with various personal and interpersonal difficulties.
He previously practiced civil rights litigation at the Center for Reproductive Rights in New York and served as a California deputy attorney general . All Work
Petersburg and beyond . Hers clients appreciate hers unique style, and ability to consistently capture bold, graphic images in both natural and created light.
With extensive experience in corrective exercise, she worked with physical therapists to develop progressive exercise programs for a wide variety of patients.
Him research focuses on developing assessment tools for nutrition education, especially among minorities and people with low income who have diabetes.
Among hers clients are top celebrities and people from the world of fashion, but also industrial designers and advertisers willing to provide quality images of their products.
He has been practicing Interior Design for 14 years . Him work has been published in a variety of Cleveland, Ohio area magazines and trade publications.
She is an assistant professor of film and media arts at Temple University in Philadelphia and is the filmmaker in residence at Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore.
He also has him Massage Therapy license from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts with training in diverse modalities from traditional Swedish relaxation to pre and post sports massage.
He values opportunities for students to learn from contemporary artists and their art making practice to inspire and expand students own creative endeavours . Spirited Away
She quickly was sent on assignment by Dalmas to Orly airport where she was supposed to photograph the stars of the world arriving in the French capital.
Though being not professionally related with this field, he had clear idea of different causes of heart disease as well as how to cure those diseases.
Hers broad litigation and counseling practice focuses on antitrust, white collar defense and government enforcement matters, and complex commercial disputes.
She has been researching and working in the area of multicultural counseling for almost 20 years and has written extensively on counseling multiple-heritage clients.
Warner is the chief foreign correspondent and primarily covers South Asian, Chinese and Russian politics and civil liberties, as of 2015 . Continue Reading
He says people with mobility and vision disabilities told them about access barriers on sidewalks and park-and-ride facilities maintained by Caltrans.
She has written for newspapers, magazines and websites around the country and taught courses on covering minorities in the media and media ethics as an adjunct professor.
Him research concerns how members of different groups approach and experience contact with one another, and how group differences in status affect cross-group relations.
She combines hers professional activities with teaching at the Catholic University of Valencia and has made ​​numerous conference papers and participated in articles for national and international journals.
She develops UNIX releases for products designed to help software vendors control how their applications are deployed and used . This article represents hers views only.
He photographs for the international media, NGO's and corporate clients and undertakes media consultancy and training . For contact information please click here
Him professional experience includes assisting children, adolescents, and adults through a variety of mental, emotional, and sexual health challenges.
She specialises in United States politics, eastern Europe and corporate responsibility issues . Hers work has appeared in the magazine Ethical Corporation
Hers primary areas of research are wind effects on residential structures and stochastic modeling of extreme winds and structural resistance . Articles authored
She has been involved in several high profile cases including traveling to Cuba and Puerto Rico and testifies frequently in criminal and civil cases throughout New York State.
Him technically rich and spiritually engaging works take their place as a unique voice that crosses boundaries to unite Western and Eastern influences.
Him teaching and research focus on building knowledge and awareness about how race and culture impact individuals and organizations and developing models and approaches to enhance cultural competence.
He holds an undergraduate degree in exceptional childhood education and a master ’ s degree in education and instructional design and technology . Read the Blog>>
Specializing in progressive architectural design focused on healing the environment with green construction and living buildings is him way of improving the landscape for everyone to enjoy .... more
She is primarily interested in the movement of light in city centers, living at night and capturing the movement of the different colors in daily life.
She offers full service tax, accounting and business consulting services . She is located in Saint George, UT servicing southern Utah and surrounding areas.
She specializes in assignment, stock and fine art photography for a variety of editorial needs including university publications, magazines annual reports.
He launched the First National Seminar for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery in 1995 and thereafter founded the National Association for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery.
He continued him professional education at Louisiana State University Dental School located in New Orleans, Louisiana, earning a doctorate in general dentistry . Read More
She has conducted interviews with over half a million people . Andrew regularly presents papers at international conferences and is currently the director of hers own research company.
She was formerly Head of Architecture and Design at a metropolitan authority responsible for the briefing and procurement of a large capital programme.
She began hers career as an action and extreme sports photographer, before diversifying into people, advertising and landscape images and studying photography in Zurich.
Him experience leading the product development team makes him uniquely qualified to answer nutrition-related questions about the HMR foods and various diet options.
Miller ’ s photography has been published in international, national and regional online and print publications . She has won numerous awards including honorable mention.
Him photos are absolutely phenomenal . He was very professional and captured moments wonderfully . Anyone would be lucky to have Sandi as their photographer . Read less
She is frequently asked to handle challenging cases involving consumer products, particularly those involving children and/or serious or fatal injuries to others.
He has been a part of research projects involving urban poor and has a good understanding of their healthcare needs and the healthcare delivery process.
He represents numerous high-profile clients, and has substantial experience defending federal and state prosecutions from initial investigation through appeal.
She is a freelance photographer and available for hire for local shoots as well as any that require traveling . Contact her for any info regarding rates.
She also works closely with hers partner to provide creative wedding photography for couples looking for images with a modern, reportage style . Personal:
Licensed to practice law in North Carolina, he also serves on the North Carolina Outward Bound School Safety Committee and speaks regularly at outdoor conferences.
She handles issues of real estate law . Legal counsel and representation are offered for issues related to both commercial and residential real estate transactions.
Him practice includes intellectual property and information technology law as well as providing estate planning services for individuals who wish to comply with both Illinois law and Islamic law.
She received hers degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University . Lawrence writes a regular column for The New York Law Journal on contract drafting.
Dr. Everson earned him Doctor of Psychology from the Illinois School of Professional Psychology and he specializes in adult psychotherapy at the Main Center in Springfield.
Steve ’ s broad experience in the insurance arena provides her with the insight necessary to handle all types of claims based on various types of policies.
She has been involved in nutrition and metabolism research in Malawi for the past 9 years, and served as principal investigator for the RUTF studies there.
Hers research on Brazilian transnational migration processes and Brazilian geography has been published in various U.S. and Brazilian academic journals and book-chapters.
She is licensed to practice law in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and has extensive experience handling complex and traumatic personal injury matters in these states.
She works to develop predictive models for molecular and cellular biology through the use of tools and methods related to engineering and physical sciences.
She brings to the team experience in operational management, business administration and project evaluation in the IT, hospitality and mining sectors during the last 15 years.
Hers teaching interests include child and adult psychopathology, cognitive-behavioral therapy and clinical interventions with children and adolescents.
Him practice focuses on complex civil litigation, intellectual property matters and internal investigations for high technology companies in Silicon Valley.
He writes for the American Chronicle and is an International Advocate with the non-profit organization, The International Coalition of Advocates for People.
He told the Aspen Daily News he believes federal agencies like the FBI are not concentrating on marijuana concentrates like those found at the Aspen airport.
Him research interests include human workplace expertise and communication, and associated empirical and analytic methods to support the design and evaluation of coordinated work.
She serves as the Director of the University of Michigan Headache and Neuropathic Pain Program and the Program Director for the Headache Medicine Fellowship Training Program.
Him health law practice includes advising clients on federal regulatory and compliance issues and defending clients before professional boards . Shannon has experience in the following areas
Falling in love with a shy photojournalist named Normani Hamilton temporarily takes him mind off him worries until circumstances surrounding the relationship turn dark.
She has over 14 years of experience in application development for databases using different technologies (Java, Microsoft and 4GLs) and also Eclipse technologies.
Among those she works with are people coping with chronic health conditions and people interested in learning strategies for long-term weight management.
She is available for all types of studio photography and location photography including industrial photography, studio photography and product photography in hers professional photo studio.
He is currently documenting and writing about education, infrastructure and health care, which remain among the most vital needs in rebuilding South Sudan.
Him writings express well the observations that are commonly made by physicians about the world in which they live and work which is dominated by managed care.
Him area of expertise is industrial production methods . Him professional activities include membership in the Association of Technology ’ s Management and Applied Engineering group.
Among hers biggest stories were witnessing and reporting on the execution of serial killer Aileen Wuornos and covering the Trull brothers murder trial.
He practices preventative medicine and management of both acute and chronic conditions in people of all ages . Him goal is to help him patients achieve op
He specializes in creative portraiture of children and couples! This ZestyShop is him creative outlet for mixing pretty little vintage things with photography!
Hers research focuses on epidemiology of gastrointestinal and respiratory viral infections, especially those associated with norovirus and influenza viruses.
Hers research centers on entrepreneurial motivation and decision-making with a particular interest in the factors that affect entrepreneurial persistence and resilience.
She completed hers orthopedic surgery residency program at Northwestern University in Chicago, and holds a Doctor of Medicine from Georgetown University School of Medicine . Publications
Dr. Rerko completed hers orthopedic residency program at The Ohio State University and fellowship training at The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . Learn more ...
He is especially adept at making anxious patients feel comfortable, and welcomes anxious people of all ages and with any special needs to him practice.
She provides psychotherapy and services to divorced and separated parents . She also consults to attorneys and mental health professionals . Home | About |
He has been a faculty member at Wheelock since 1993 and has taught courses both in the Language and Literacy Department and in the Elementary Education Department.
Hers background includes experience in tax accounting, financial reporting, management reporting, budgeting, forecasting, planning and business consulting.
She focusses on outdoor - and adventure – photography all around the world and also loves to shoot photojournalistic reportages and street photography.
He and others like him at Methodist are working to make sure patients and families at the new Methodist Hospice Residence are surrounded by love and light.
Him energetic and playful images have become a favourite with advertising agencies and clients alike . He is also able to offer moving image alongside him photography.
Hers articles have appeared in Comparative Politics, Political Science Quarterly, the European Journal of International Relations, and in contributed volumes.
Hers office provides a full range of general and restorative dentistry services, ranging from tooth cleaning to broken tooth repair and crown insertion.
Hers passion is in particular the available light photography, so photography in low light conditions, the street photography and photographing people.
Him article on aging and hardship among kids has been named outstanding paper in the aging and the life course section from the American Sociological Association.
Him fascination and love for nature led him to specialize in wildlife and nature photography . He lives in the Southwest and part time on Block Island, RI
As a Communities In Schools site coordinator, he gets to fulfill him passion to help children get everything they need to succeed in the classroom and beyond.
She is active in developing cases studies focused on opportunity identification, business models, entrepreneurial management and entrepreneurial finance . Read more about the speakers �
He works with a range of private clients along with small businesses and specialises in creating cohesive designs encompassing consumer and commercial lighting solutions.
He participated in projects concerning data analysis . Him research interests include applications of game theory to queueing networks, and to inventory management.
Him research interests include developing behavioral and cognitive models of physicians ’, nurses ’, and consumers ’ interactions with health information technology.
He received him law degree from the DePaul University in Chicago and him undergraduate degree from Albion College in Michigan . Location: Via Telephone
Cecil dedicates hers practice to representing people who have been injured through the negligence or intentional misconduct of others, including businesses.
She is currently the Director of the Idaho Drug Information Service, which provides free health care information to consumers across the United States.
Professor Vacca has written numerous articles on a variety of intellectual property issues and has taught intellectual property courses and presented hers research throughout the United States.
Ann attained him doctoral degree in Counseling from the University of Georgia and him Masters degree in Clinical Psychology from Augusta State University.
He supports a salary for City Council members but thinks citizens might be unwilling to agree to additional costs with the poor state of the economy.
She has written three reports for the New South Wales Electoral Commission, including one on the regulation of the funding of local government election campaigns.
Him research focuses on digital culture and the interconnections between gender, technology and popular music . Him work has been published in such journals as Canadian
She strives to provide unparalleled personal service and to apply hers expertise and experience to solve problems with innovative thinking . Perry firmly ...
This year she will also be lecturing on K-12 Technology Integration as an adjunct through the Department of Education . Other topics offered by David Hobbs
She focuses hers practice on litigation . She earned hers undergraduate degree and law degree from the University of Virginia . Back to Board of Governors list
He has published him articles in several magazines in Brazil, Spain and the United States and has worked as a corporate social responsibility consultant in Brazil.
She lives and works in Milan among other places, photographing objects and spaces as well as people, making everyday life interesting with innocent photographs
Stephanie does a lot of research into the development of children with Down syndrome and then shares him research with parents and professionals around the world.
Hers work has been published in the Journal of Business, the European Economic Review, the Journal of Development Economics and the Journal of Banking and Finance.
Hers background ranges from the development of software for geosynchronous satellites to the architecture and development of storage and virtualization solutions.
She has taught at several universities in the United States and abroad, and has published three books on accounting and over 30 articles in professional journals . See less
Specializing in bankruptcy and workers compensation, Attorney Fisher always does hers best to protect hers clients rights and represent their interests accurately.
He graduated from University of Georgia in 2004 with a doctoral degree in social science education and the Interdisciplinary Qualitative Studies Graduate Certificate.
He teaches scenic painting, theatre graphics and scene design and supervises scenic production in properties and paint for all department productions.
She is director of a teacher training college and oversees education and training in hers capacity as Vice-President of the German Basketball Association
Him areas of specialization are modern peninsular literature, gender studies, critical theory and linguistic discourse analysis and narrative studies.
He lectures and supervises on the Minded Institute professional training and runs Yoga Therapy for the Mind 8-week courses in North and Central London.
If it were common practice in these particular circumstances she would have been well aware of the fact and would not have expressed the views that she did.
He has been an inspiration to him patients and has mentored young psychologists over the years, assisting them in developing successful private practices.
She has been representing both individuals and companies for more than 12 years throughout Oklahoma in both complex commercial litigation and family law matters.
Hers research examines issues of anonymity, identification, and communication technology use primarily in the workplace and in various collaborating groups.
She specializes in working with post-traumatic stress, cross-cultural therapeutic relationships and couples therapy and has extensive teaching experience.
Him primary research interests are in the area of comparative discourse studies, glocalization and multilingual media communications in the Greater China region.
Ms . Harrison practices medicine in Charlotte, NC and specializes in Emergency Medicine . Ms . Harrison is affiliated with Novant Health Presbyterian Medical Center.
Him legal practice focuses on worldwide brand protection and matters related to developing and implementing programs to combat online counterfeiting and infringement.
He specializes in data and applications . This article explores the ongoing evolution and implementation of master data management (MDM) procedures at Intel.
He has been with the clinic since it opened its doors in 2005 when he assisted owner Christian in setting up the office and welcoming the first group of clients.
She has completed commercial and editorial assignments on six continents and in more than two dozen countries across the globe . Hers BMX photographs can be seen
He has been in sexual relationship with him since September . Here is a collection few attractive photos of him from him facebook and instagram account.
Him teaching and research interests include multicultural and global perspectives in education as well as innovative strategies for teaching social studies.
Him research expertise includes the development and evaluation of innovative health communication and community-based interventions to prevent childhood obesity.
She already released several photographs and videos about that unique urban art and writing style, which comes from the favelas into the big Brazilian cities.
She is also the Section Chief in the Utah Attorney General Office responsible for the supervision and management of the Education Section attorneys and staff.
She holds a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from Southern Methodist University and a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in acting from Florida State University.
In him role, he has provided technical advice to architects and designers regarding the specification and use of concrete in the construction industry.
She joined the Wright State University faculty in Fall 2011 after four years within the Craig School of Business at California State University, Fresno.
She earned hers Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science and holds a minor in Computer Information Systems; Management and Philosophy . Carmen C. Lopez
Leonard has an extraordinarily talented eye for capturing beauty and fashion . She is addicted to story telling, and creating beautiful memories for hers clients.
She provides worldwide Level 2 technical support for WebSphere Business Modeler, WebSphere Business Monitor, WebSphere Business Compass & Business Space.
Him research interests are preparation of teachers who work with English language learners and the delivery of reading and writing instruction to these populations.
Before joining itslearning he taught at lower secondary school for 13 years . Throughout him career, he has developed a passionate engagement for assessment.
He represents social security disability claimants who have been denied their claims for social security disability insurance benefits and supplemental security income benefits.
Cale focuses hers practice on the areas of business and commercial litigation and transactions and can assist businesses of all sizes with their legal needs.
Dr. Javernick completed medical school at Georgetown University School of Medicine in 2004 . She completed hers residency at Lynchburg Family Medicine in 2008.
Hers research areas include Volunteered Geographic Information and transportation network analysis with a focus on bicycle and public transportation modes.
She is certified by the Louisiana State Bar Association Board of Legal Specialization as a Tax Law Specialist and as an Estate Planning and Administration Specialist.
She received hers Bachelors of Science Degree in criminal justice in 1987 and obtained the degree of Juris Doctor in 1991 from the New England School of Law.
Paul – Ramsey County Minnesota Public Health department . He earned him Masters of Science degree in Nursing/ Public Health Nursing from the University of Minnesota.
Him clinical and research interests include primary and secondary child abuse prevention and the impact of maternal mental health on infant and child development.
He graduated from International Business College with an Associates Degree in Accounting . He works with clients in the areas of bookkeeping, payroll and payroll taxes.
She joined IBM after finishing hers Master's degree at the University of Bristol, and has previously worked on the User Interface Generator and other projects.
Gary has completed several home courses with the Open University, as well as winning several small photography competitions at hers local camera club in Dover.
Him book "Textual Contraception: Birth Control and Modern American Fiction" is forthcoming from the Ohio State University Press . Return to Table of Contents
He provides clarity, confidence and capability . A veteran attorney providing high quality, aggressive legal representation and a wide spectrum of other legal services.
She has published extensively on collaborative approaches to environmental and land use management, focusing in particular on implementation issues . Back to top News and Events
He has worked as a United Nations Correspondent with Inter Press Service in New York City and for various international and national media outlets in India.
Hers paintings attempt to transform visual experience into something more durable, desirable, and occasionally unsettling . A process not unlike pickling.
Prior to that he helped establish the active-trading services at InvestorPlace Media and co-developed its successful OptionsZone division and website.
He is a former practice owner who understands the many considerations and concerns of those contemplating the purchase or sale of an accounting practice.
Douglas A. Wallace at the Florida Second District Court of Appeal . She has published articles on insect conservation, international law, and ecosystem services.
Him research interests include linguistic endangerment and language death, minority languages and ethnicity, and language of the media and propaganda.
Him first experience with teaching was volunteering at the same school attended by him younger sister . Him fascination with the process of teaching turned into him career.
She graduated from Stanford in 2004 and advises various entertainment startups in addition to an active private practice in the northern San Francisco bay area . Facebook, News
He is currently working on a masters of science in international criminal justice dissertation on American intervention in Latin America during the cold war . Show Comments
Two months after graduating from Boston University in 1993, she began hers television career as a production assistant for ESPN in Bristol, Connecticut.
He serves as Loss Prevention Partner for the Las Vegas office with responsibility for counseling the firm ’ s lawyers in professional liability matters.
Having shot reflections in eyes, she used the same techniques on bubbles and captured panorama images of spectacular scenes from the bubble reflections.
Hers practice, founded with partner April Clark, is focused around contemporary sustainable commercial and residential design and has active projects across the South and Southwest.
He has worked with personal injury cases involving motor vehicle crashes and enjoyed him role in helping clients get back on their feet after an accident.
Hers primary research interests are the sources of international militarized conflict and strategies for international conflict resolution . Heather Gerken
He also initiated the robotics club at the school and is mentoring it and has lead the team to win the World Championship title in the FTC challenge.
She is a member of the National Press Photographers Association and the Illinois Press Photographers Association, both of which have recognized hers work . See less
He earned both him Master of Music and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees in Voice Performance from The University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music.
With great experience with software development, content and marketing, she has been working over multiple areas in importants and competitive companies . Main projects
He earned an undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University in Spanish . He walked into the workshop speaking Spanish, and taught the language an entire hour.
For hers scholarship on queer history, she has received the National Communication Association's Karl Wallace Memorial Award and Golden Anniversary Monograph Award.
Hers research interest is in conceptual modeling including its philosophical, linguistic, and mathematical foundations and its application.Inhaltsverzeichnis
She realized that as the number of microservices increase and the communication between them becomes more complicated . This brings new questions to light:
Ms . Roman practices medicine in Indianapolis, IN and specializes in Infectious Disease . Ms . Roman is affiliated with St Vincent Indianapolis Hospital.
She also holds an MBA from Cornell University with majors in Operations Management and International Business, and a BSME from General Motors Institute.
He received him PhD in Cognitive Studies from Teachers College, Columbia University . Him research interests include early literacy assessment and instruction and early childhood teacher education.
Hers Orange County plastic surgery practice opened in 1985 and continues to cover the requirements of women and men throughout Southern California and beyond.
At the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, he provides advice and patient education on chemotherapy and management of cancer treatment side effects.
Ms . Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment and media, energy, real estate and technology industries.
In addition to him work as a reporter and blogger for national publications and online sites, Melanie is an expert media consultant and can advise on:
He examines three projects that used the adaptive co-management approach to support students working in autonomous groups that produced social innovations.
She has worked with Fountain House focusing on psychological intervention methods and implication of psycho-therapeutic treatment in the rehabilitation of mentally disturbed individuals.
She specializes in shoulder and elbow injuries, including challenging conditions such as rotator cuff disease, shoulder instability and elbow stiffness.
Travelers Limousine is the best limousine company Chicago has to offer . Travelers Limousine is distinguished by its commitment to highest standards...more »
He is considering whether to become a sole practitioner, which would probably generate annually $320,000 in operating revenues and $220,000 in operating expenses.
Hers work addresses the theoretical and practical challenges at the intersection of digital humanities, history theory, information design, and data criticism.
She received hers Ph.D. in Business Administration from Northcentral University and hers Master of Arts degree in Economics from Northeastern University.
Johnson to George W. Bush . She is currently working on an illustrated history of presidential vacations and retreats for the White House Historical Association.
Him work focuses on electrical and computer engineering, with a specialization in methods of artificial intelligence that can be applied to medical imaging.
She performed the first robot-assisted cardiac operations at Johns Hopkins Hospital . Hers clinical research parallels hers clinical focus on improving surgical robotic technology.
In 1997 she received the golden medallion from the National Indian Health Board for hers contributions to health in Indian country . She lives in northern California.
He needed a stylish and simple website that displayed all him information for potential students . This also included a CMS for him ever growing schedule page.
She recently completed a doctoral dissertation on the exercise of power in private sector collective bargaining based on several months of ethnographic fieldwork.
Hers research interests and teaching experience include contemporary British and American drama in close connection with translation and cultural studies as well as literary stylistics.
When he's not investigating workplace relationships, he enjoys skiing, traveling with him husband, and watching truly embarrassing reality television.
Him research examines the interactions between criminal justice policies and socioeconomic disadvantage, and their joint effects on urban neighborhoods, families, and individuals.
He earned him bachelor's degree in biology from College of the Ozarks and him master of physician assistant studies degree from Missouri State University.
He is Assistant Professor at the Chair of Commercial Law in Kozminski University in Poland . Him PhD dissertation covered the issue of Islamic finance.
She has significant courtroom experience and is adept at handling complex, high-risk cases as well as managing large defense teams in prolonged litigation.
A computer scientist, she has specialized in artificial intelligence with emphasis on clinical decision making, problem formulation, and problem solving.
Donald graduated cum laude from Georgetown University with a degree in American Studies and earned hers law degree from the Georgetown University Law Center.
Him research interests in academic language and literacy are informed by him years teaching mainstream and bilingual high school students in Massachusetts and California.
He received him Bachelor of Science Degree in Nursing and him Family Nurse Practitioner Certificate from Purdue University . Sandra currently lives in Naperville.
He has successfully treated various types of joint pain including neck and back pain to extremity pain . Experienced nutritionist and weight loss alternatives.
Hers source of inspiration is Zen and mantra meditation . An original personal insight into the Eastern culture, but still from a European point of view.
He also serves as chair for the Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Committee and the Acute Coronary Syndrome Committee for the VA Medical Center in Nashville.
Dr. Hicken practices general dentistry and specializes in orthodontics . Call hers office for more information on the practice or to schedule an appointment.
Mary is an instructor for Colorado Mountain College, teaching watercolor painting courses . He has won numerous awards for him work, both nationally and internationally.
She has been involved in publishing, translating and editing Islamic journals and books . She has travelled widely seeking and teaching traditional Islamic knowledge.
Many people around the world, including professional photographers have come to hers Instagram page checking out all the amazing shots she got over the last few years.
She leads the Functional Materials Engineering Lab and is exploring various green-manufacturing approaches with functional nanoink materials for high-performance flexible electronics and sensors.
Dr. Elaraj received him medical degree from the University of Maryland and completed residency training at the University of Rochester Medical Center.
Hers areas of expertise include constitutional law, civil rights and civil liberties, political and legal theory, and the judiciary and American politics.
He has also worked in the sports nutrition departments at the University of Georgia and University of North Carolina, overseeing nutrition outreach to numerous athletic teams.
She currently teaches the Canadian social history course and is actively conducting research on community and identity and the cultures of space and time.
One of him latest projects is to photograph the inhabitants of this very old neighbourhood and print the shots onto the walls of the streets where they live.
Since 1997, he has helped teams at IBM and other companies to evolve the way they develop documentation and improve the user experience for their customers.
She is grateful for the opportunity she has to fight for justice on behalf of individuals going through hard times against some of the largest corporations in the country.
She said sharing circles are used to get the predominantly Aboriginal population of the school address some of the issues they face in their own relationships.
Him new two-year contract with theNevada Division of Environmental Protection will involve a partnership with another researcher at the University of Michigan.
Hers primary teaching responsibilities are in Coaching Education - undergraduate and graduate . Hers research interests are in human performance and sport leadership.
Dr. Cornett earned hers medical degree from the University of Cincinnati, and completed hers residency in general surgery at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center.
He was not interested in politics but right after him aunt Benizar death he wants to be active through him writing, rather than through elected office.
She concentrates hers practice in corporate and tax issues relating to hospitals, health care systems and other health care entities and estate planning.
He began seriously pursuing him passion for writing upon learning that him maternal grandmother had taught himself how to read and how to write in both English and Spanish.
He investigates whether technology and media are associated with cognitive and neural differences and using fMRI and behavioral assessment of media use and cognitive functioning.
She has years of experience offering dental services in the greater Detroit area . For more information or to schedule an appointment, call the number listed.
He is actively conducting research within the field of chemical education with special focus on student learning styles in various learning environments.
Hers cleanly lit portraits not only show people interacting with their work environments but also catch the eye with their fresh look and dynamic feel.
She is currently working on the problem of rationality and uncertainty in two different contexts: credit markets and the use of science in risk management.
She is also an experienced freelance photographer shooting both in the studio and on location for commercial clients creating images for the global market place.
After building an eighteen-year career in the entertainment industry he trained at International Center of Photography and began working as a photographer.
She has authored over 80 scientific publications, mainly on cognitive factors, with specific emphasis on the implications of working memory limitations.
Hers working ethos is "To design sustainable buildings which also support and promote the physical, mental and spiritual health of all those who use them".
He is a native of the San Fernando Valley and received degrees from the University of Southern California and the University of California San Diego.
She is of the opinion that tooth caps are the perfect solution for uneven teeth . She loves watching cricket and blogs about random topics in hers free time.
Him research work includes award winning projects and publications in the area of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander health and social work education.
Him interests include housing pathways and affordability analysis, the links between housing and labour market outcomes, and the housing needs of older cohorts.
He is in private practice in Virginia and also provides therapy for youth in foster care and in the adoptive process via a nonprofit community agency.
She enjoys creating innovative and specialized solutions for each of hers clients and enjoys helping individuals and small businesses with tax consulting and strategic planning matters.
Hers broad litigation and counseling practice focuses on antitrust, white collar defense and government enforcement matters, and complex commercial disputes.
Him current research and teaching interests include executive decision making, entrepreneurial strategies, organizational diversity, and non-profit organizations.
He is an entrepreneurship researcher and he also does work on supply chains and related issues . This guest post addresses multidisciplinary scholarship.
He has 29 years of teaching experience with kindergarten through college students and 22 years coaching experience with students in junior high through college.
He concentrates him practice in administrative law and real estate development with a focus on administrative practice with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Taylor earned him Bachelor of Science degree from Bellarmine University in Louisville and completed him master's degree at the University of Louisville.
He earned him bachelor of science degree in nursing from Wright State University and him master of science degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati.
She is a member of the Northwestern Medical Faculty Foundation and an associate professor of Surgery at Northwestern University at Feinberg School of Medicine.
He and him co-researchers recently had two papers on the investigations he describes above accepted for publication in the Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery.
Randy has established a business model that enables her to make family life a priority while enjoying the aesthetic and personal fulfillment that hers work brings. "
He writes for many publications in Australia and abroad and recently wrote a book on Industrial Design for students considering a career in the field.
Since finishing him Biology/Studio Art degree at Bates College he has worked on film productions for National Geographic, History Channel and Animal Planet.
She has a Doctorate of Chiropractic from the Life University in Georgia and is a Certified Chiropractic Sports Physician from New York Chiropractic College.
He specializes in lighting design and a full range of window treatments for residential and contract clients . He is a certified ALA Lighting Specialist.
She says the “ model minority ” stereotype works both ways in terms of ignoring the API community when it comes to conversations around criminal justice reform.
Hers private practice serves clients throughout St. Louis County . Dr. Stuart offers services for families, individuals and children in general dentistry . Submit tip
She has carried out research and published papers in the area of Language and Communication, Open Learning, Lifelong Learning and Professional Development.
He received him Ph.D. in Counseling at University of Missouri-Kansas City and is certified in marriage and family therapy and mental health counseling.
He earned him B.S . in Nursing at Far Eastern University, him Masters degree in Nursing at Manila Central University and him Doctor of Education Major in Educational
Over many years he has worked with LighterLife to bring understanding to the world of obesity, which continues to capture him imagination and enthusiasm.
She joined the Smeal College of Business in 2011 after being on the marketing faculty at the Broad College of Business at Michigan State University for 2 years.
She has published articles on assignment design and Marxism and sustainable development and is a member of the National Council of Teachers of English . See less
She was previously employed by a number of companies including News Corporation, Thompson Financial and Roche Pharmaceuticals in a wide range of senior management roles.
She also holds a joint appointment as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center.
She has extensive experience with corporate taxation working with organizations in the professional services, manufacturing and distribution, construction and real estate industries.
Him research interests focus on urban planning and policy issues including housing, economic development, disaster preparedness, intergovernmental relations, and politics.
Hers research interests are in Australian economic history and the political economy of comparative industry and economic policy structures in capitalist economies.
Hers research areas include comparative history of literature and the social sciences, literary theory, postcolonial Francophone literature and world literature.
Hers research interests include studies of democratization and interstate conflict, imposed political systems, and third party involvement in civil wars.
Hers research focuses on signed language, communication disorder, language acquisition and the interaction between language and gesture in the signed modality.
He uniquely melds him experience from both clinical and private practice environments to provide holistic care with an extremely high level of detail.
He provides the highest level of surgical care for him patients along with the humility and compassion that is of immense importance during this very difficult time in their lives.
Hers deep breadth of experience really makes a significant impact on social work and hers Twitter is loaded with useful articles and advice pertaining to social work.
She helps clients from all over the world win cases related to personal injury, illness, and accidents due to the fault or negligence of third parties.
She received hers Doctor of Dental Surgery from Marquette University School of Dentistry and hers Masters in Public Health with honors from the University of South Florida.
Previously, she has helped build the digital systems for media oriented companies, from stock photography to music licensing and streaming to eBook publishing.
Him work has been featured in publications, and is included in various permanent collections . He has received numerous awards and recognition for him photographs.
Hers philosophy is simple, provide the best quality service and environment possible, so that all of hers clients can achieve their body composition and health and fitness goal
He has worked extensively on critical issues in school and tertiary levels of education, adult literacy and educational management, and policy research.
She says memorizing dance routines can help people with Parkinson ’ s learn to coordinate everyday movements that the disease makes challenging to orchestrate.
She also is president of Global Communication, which promotes literacy through creative writing and storytelling performances, workshops and residencies.
Hers research interests lie in exploring the interaction of inflammatory and hypertension pathways in cognitive decline and further examining how these pathways may be inhibited.
Hers numerous research articles in the Journal of Applied Physiology have earned her international recognition in the area of respiratory control.Dr .... read more
Hers music appears through a wide range of media platforms, mainly distributed and represented by internationally operating music labels and publishers.
She incorporates elements from hers graphic design background to create contemporary imagery that pushes boundaries but still maintains a traditional and playful style.
Specialising in studio still life photography, with an exceptionall attention to detail and aesthetics, Tal produces clean, graphic and striking imagery.
She has authored numerous scientific papers in respected medical journals as well as inspirational articles that have received national circulation . This is hers second book.
She received hers Physician Assistant license from Western University of Health Sciences and hers Masters of Science from Arizona School of Health Sciences.
Him pilot project involves development of a model to investigate NP skin penetration and translocation mechanisms to quantify potential toxicological impact.
Although she directly represents northern Saline County, she also represents all Arkansans with public stands for limited, transparent and responsible government.
She has experience in diagnosing the disease and providing best medical help possible by latest technology in operations . Hers expertise lies in surgery of trauma patient.
With an interest in small business and strong administrative and organisational skills, he enjoys providing ideas and solutions to help clients grow their business.
During the last five years he zeroed in the Federal Public Security Ministry . There the top law enforcement officials coordinate the fight against public threats.
He says that typically only one in five mothers suffering from depression is diagnosed . And only one in five of those women actually receives treatment.
Hers practice is national in scope, as demonstrated by hers ongoing defense of Cisco Systems in patent infringement lawsuits brought throughout the USA.
She has the special ability to help individuals and business owners get a handle on tax and accounting complexities and simplify them for their benefit.
Using this exciting new orthodontic technique can help many patients who otherwise would go through their entire life embarrassed of their smile . Dr. Depaul says:
Heidi completed him undergraduate and master ’ s degrees at the University of Wisconsin- Madison and him doctorate at the University of Wisconsin- Milwaukee.
Peter has extensive experience with many types of client issues and is especially versed in trauma work and personality disorders, as well as family and domestic violence.
Hers captivating landscape images capture the beauty and ruggedness of the surrounding landscape and are a popular memento for tourists through various retail outlets.
Hers research concentrates on International Political Economy, economic globalization and regional integration (specifically in Europe and the Western Hemisphere).
She is a Certified Industrial Hygienist and a Certified Safety Professional . Hers research interests are in the development of sensors and instrumentation for measurement
She has done extensive work on corporate dividend policy and has published in the Journal of Banking and Finance and the Journal of Economics and Finance.
Him research interests include the integration of emotion and cognition across development, with a particular focus on neural development during adolescence.
She specialises in employment law and also has experience in data protection . She advises clients on concluding and terminating employment agreements (including through
She has been involved with Linux networking for 8 years and currently maintains bridging and routing utilities . Steve regularly presents at Linux conferences.
She is generally recognised as an authority on stock markets with an uncanny ability to identify undervalued companies and read market trends . See less
She maintains an extensive litigation practice and represents clients in Iowa ’ s state and federal courts, focusing on both civil and criminal trial work.
She has spent 30 years working in the fields of accounting and auditing at the public and corporate levels and brings hers experiences to hers classrooms.
Hers research explores organizing processes that support individual learning, development, and innovation in dynamic work environments . Follow Chris on Twitter.
He has exhibited him paintings both nationally and throughout Connecticut . Shirley paints and teaches art inspired sewing lessons out of him studio on Maple Avenue.
She specializes in composing epic orchestral pieces, world and electronic music and occasionally blending several diverse genres into hers masterpieces.
Him responsibilities include construction document preparation, specification and materials research, document checking and coordination, site analysis and client contact.
She is experienced in matters related to insurance coverage and civil litigation defense, including toxic tort, medical and professional malpractice and product liability matters.
She is the author of the book Management of convergence in innovation . Hers research interests are in corporate innovation and strategic entrepreneurship.
Him central intellectual concern is with the transformation of early modern household relations of dependence from assumed and accepted ways of ordering society into social and political problems.
The filter of hers memory appears to retain only what is personally important, and the inevitable mix of hers own history and experience fills in the gaps.
He is focused on fostering excitement and curiosity in the science classroom . Sanderson received the 2010 Amgen Award for Science Teaching Excellence.
Before entering higher education, James spent 8 years teaching elementary and high school physical education . He has been working in physical education teacher education since 2002.
She is interested in social semantic web, information retrieval and filtering, machine learning, and artificial intelligence and productivity tools in general.
She also studies liability laws and their effect on industry incentives, environmental federalism, and international climate negotiations . Return to top
He graduated from the University of California at Davis in September 2005 . Him research interests concern applications of mathematics to biology and physiology.
For more than ten years, she has also taught intellectual property law and business to graduate business students at Northeastern University in Boston.
He is certified through the National Council on Strength and Fitness, and specializes in osteoporosis prevention and strength training for women and seniors.
She has been happily married for 40 years and has three children and nine grandchildren . Hers fascination with history and reading has led her to writing.
He has taught numerous online courses to students in South Carolina and Korea through live broadcast classes, synchronous Adobe Connect sessions, and asynchronously
Inversions and arm balances which require strength, focus and balance are him favorite poses . Him classes are athletic and powerful but always connect…
He is available for editorial, corporate and international field assignments with particular interest in working with humanitarian NGO's in post-conflict regions.
Hers work centers around dark themes and hers compositions mix elements of painting, photo manipulation and sketching to create some truly unique art pieces.
She also practices clinical neurology at the Partners Multiple Sclerosis Center at Brigham & Women ’ s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
He has a heart and passion for helping women who have been broken, especially women who have dysfunctional and broken relationships with their mothers.
He teaches presentational speaking, public advocacy, organization and legal communication . He brings experience from the legal and advocacy professions.
She has lectured extensively throughout the United States and Europe on surgical techniques . She is also involved with development of new spinal innovations.
Hers research focuses on fiscal and monetary policies, and exchange rate regimes with a particular interest in macroeconomic policy in developing countries.
She completed hers Internship/Residency program at New York Medical College after graduating from University of Pennsylvania Dental School in May 2006.less ...
During hers long career she has completed hers training both academic and professional in clinical psychology and legal psychology . She has also worke See more
She is being honored for hers outstanding research contributions in the areas of optical networking and wireless networking, including wireless sensor networks.
He received him doctor of pharmacy degree from Oregon State University in 2006 and completed a primary care specialty residency with Providence Physician Division in Portland, Oregon.
He develop educational set of materials for developing thinking skills in preschoolers . It use some elements of classical TRIZ and related to Math as well.
He counsels people considering bankruptcy and suggests that having a lawyer or credit counselor look at the original loan documents can sometimes be helpful.
She has served as a clinical project leader at the Christiana Care Visiting Nurse Association while completing graduate studies with the University of Delaware.
She has published articles in journals including the IEEE Engineering Management Review, Journal of Marketing, Journal of Business Research, and Journal of Marketing Research.
During hers professional career, Mauricio has collaborated in different legal firms representing several Mexican banks and institutions in important infrastructure projects in Mexico.
He is in the firm ’ s corporate compliance group, where he focuses him practice on providing regulatory and legal compliance assistance to financial institutions.
He has taught social work policy courses for more than a decade, and has also written several journal articles and book chapters on policy and policy practice.
Hers research interests center on the design, implementation, use, and effects of communication technology in collaborative work and interpersonal contexts.
Hers current areas of research interest include computer system performance modeling, system capacity studies and benchmarking, information architecture, and computational finance
She wrote this journal entry while a doctoral candidate in Religious Studies—Historical Theology at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 2007
She is responsible for defining the technical account strategy and coordinating the technical activities undertaken with respect to the European Institutions.
He has published two books and more than 40 papers on technologies related to database management, object-oriented programming, and Web technologies.
He obtained him Bachelor of Science in clinical nutrition from UC Davis after four years, during which time he participated in internships in several different nutrition
She has also previously been the Vermont State Representative of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners, and President of the Vermont Nurse Practitioners Association.
She has more than four years of experience in the treatment of veterans and completed hers internship and post-doctoral training within the VA Boston Healthcare System.
He writes regularly for the Irish Times Health Supplement as well as the Weekend and features section . He is also a frequent contributor across the national press.
She received a BA in psychology and an MA in administrative sciences from Yale University as well as a PhD in organizational psychology from the University of Michigan.
James concentrates hers practice on complex commercial litigation, including business torts, contract disputes, employment disputes, and security arbitration matters.
He assists clients with the formation, maintenance and dissolution of limited liability companies and corporations . He also assists with real estate and estate planning matters.
He provides both in-person and virtual counseling and has created an audio self study program to help couples work through the five common issues that plague relationships.
She is currently principal at Uzanto Consulting where she specializes in integrating technology and business requirements into the practise of user experience design and analysis.
She has published articles in journals such as the Journal for the Study of the New Testament, New Testament Studies and The Catholic Biblical Quarterly.show more
Hers experience in architectural design ranges from small to large residential projects, multifamily assisted living centers for seniors, local commercial buildings and recreational projects.
He is well recognised in him profession with many works of research published in various professional medical journals . He has also won several awards for him work.
She concentrates hers practice in the areas of commercial and real estate litigation and has experience in matters related to mortgage servicing and mortgage fraud civil prosecution and defense.
He focuses him practice on a wide variety of intellectual property matters, including intellectual property litigation, trademark prosecution and patent prosecution . Related Articles
He conducts an annual study abroad course to Mexico and has participated in many medical mission trips . He volunteers at the local indigent health clinic.
Hers research emphasizes the application and testing of game theoretic principles in understanding how business responds to asymmetric information problems.
She focuses on complex civil business litigation and also represents companies and individuals in investigations, prosecutions and regulatory matters nationwide.
Dicke College of Business Administration at Ohio Northern University . Him research interests include: business-to-business relationships and marketing strategy.
Many of hers cases have set important legal precedents, especially in the area of governmental responsibility for injury caused by dangerous prisoners and mental patients.
Marc was looking for a website that would conveniently showcase hers photography and also make it easy for customers to purchase hers images via the Internet.
Him area of interest is the English-language theatres of Malaysia and Singapore, and he has published several articles and book chapters on this subject.
Additionally, he serves as the Chief of Interventional Pain Management at the VA New York Harbor Healthcare System in New York City . Who Should Participate
She operates John Sisson Photography and is also an Assistant Director of Career Services and Alumni Relations at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
An analysis of student data helped him identify students with asthma, implement effective interventions and assist these students in improving school attendance.
She graduated from the City University of New York . She has an interest in teaching other health care professionals about the special needs of older adults.
Since 1985 hers projects have won fourteen Minnesota AIA Honor Awards and sixteen national awards, including a National AIA Honor Award for Architecture.
She received hers B.S . and Mr . Ed . Degree in Psychology from Springfield College in Massachusetts and has additional graduate study at West Virginia University.
She provides routine cleanings and tooth treatments such as whitening and cavity fillings . Please call for an appointment during normal business hours.
Over the past 15 years, she has performed thousands of operations, utilizing innovative and established techniques to enhance the lives of hers patients.
He earned a Master of Fine Arts degree from University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Arts from California State Polytechnic University Pomona.
He is responsible for the Business Intelligence functionality within the Maximo product lines, which includes application analysis, KPIs and reporting.
She started to mix about four years ago and now is introducing to production with new sounds and full creativity...hers new tracks will be available soon ...
Williams teaches advanced corporate finance to undergraduates . In addition to teaching, hers research focuses on behavioral biases and market efficiency.
She studies how both intellectual property and creative labor are shaping and being shaped by digital systems for storing and communicating information.
Recently, he has also been a visiting professor of psychology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and of management at City University of Hong Kong.
She has been chairman of the Transportation Research Board ’ s Committee on Transportation and Air Quality since 1997 . She has published an article on environ-
She is an experienced and successful Sacramento divorce lawyer and family attorney who is committed to providing clients with the best possible legal representation.
She is the Program Coordinator for the Master of Arts in Christian Counseling Degree Program . She teaches both graduate and undergraduate courses in counseling and psychology.
Ms . Yeh represents both publicly traded companies and emerging businesses in the advertising, entertainment and media, energy, real estate and technology industries.
In addition to him faculty position at Villanova University he also serves as a consultant with the University Counseling Center providing counseling to students with eating disorders.
She has authored over 30 international journal and conference papers, and hers research interests include thermodynamics in the power and energy industries.
Hers research looks at maternal mortality in Honduras in a comparison with Guatemala and to examine the "historical and structural influences on maternal mortality."
She has always declined students ’ attempts to friend her on Facebook because she wants to maintain a personal and professional distance from hers students.
She is pleased to provide leading-edge treatments and professional, attentive care to Toronto facelift, body contouring and facial plastic surgery patients.
He combines surgical and medical interventions to give him patients a natural and refreshed appearance, blending seamlessly him artistic nature with extensive medical training.
He shares the secrets . tips and tricks that models learn behind the scenes from professional makeup artists, photographers and other people in the industry.
Him research focuses on the food safety conditions in Texas childcare centers, including the behaviors, knowledge, and attitudes of foodservice workers.
Him education includes a PhD in nutrition from Tufts University and more than twenty years of nutrition-related experience in various Asian countries.
Him research interests focus on the mechanisms of neurogenic hypertension and associated cardiovascular diseases, particularly developing novel targets for the treatment and management of those diseases.
She is the founder of Tooth Aid Inc. which is set up to provide quality dentistry to people who would otherwise have limited access in developing countries.
She has over 50 publications in international journals and conference proceedings on Modeling and Computer Simulation, Systems Theory, and Software Engineering.
Hers motivation has been shaped by a background in environmental science and international development along with a desire to document history and tell important stories.
Together with hers wife, Kay, Lawrence has served overseas in both traditional missions and in the international world of professional English language teaching and teacher training
He has specialized in various Transpersonal Therapeutic techniques, has published in national and international journals and often presents at international conferences.
As an undergraduate at Simmons College he obtained degrees in Women ’ s Studies and Chemistry while he engaged in physiology research at Harvard Medical School.
She has been on the forefront of the cosmetic dental revolution for years, working on celebrity smiles and confidence concerns with the latest approaches and technologies.
Hers board certification in Anti Aging and Regenerative Medicine, Holistic and Integrative Medicine and Internal Medicine puts hers insight at the point of ...... more
He has worked with a lot of celebrities and supermodels who have the desire to develop and present their portfolios to possible managements and agencies.
Gianna serves on the national board for the National Organization of Minority Architects and spends time mentoring and advocating for women and youth.
She was formerly the Director of the Metabolic Program at Boston Children's Hospital and currently serves as an attending physician within the program.
Him private practice focuses on families and children, and about half of him clients come to him to address discipline issues . He lives in Philadelphia.
Since 2004 he has conducted research in both Israel and the West Bank and wrote him dissertation on land conflicts and social divisions within Israel.
He contributes regularly to the Wisconsin Essential Diabetes Mellitus Guidelines and has provided diabetes related articles and research for The Wisconsin Medical Society ..
